e
am don't
I'll
[Music]
C
Dan
[Music]
by
again iace out don't know
again
close
[Music]
now I understand I'm in now I
understand right that's how it
sounds you smile that why am I doing
like a bad impression of
myself on your
mind tell me what's on
your
[Music]
mind I like I just think the
Annunciation was funny for that song
I stand by I wouldn't change
it I believe in you oh my god yo y y y y
y
yeah I have a hard time remembering the
lyrics to the song like as they
come cuz like the lyrics are so
fast and I'm not a fast
thinker see if I
remember it's hard to do full tto
consistently though I hold your
heart I hold your heart and Amber my
static day dream you little little I lie
and my smile you're a grain of salt in
the sea you're a ghost living in my
pocket haunting my memory you're the
best of every game I've ever played from
the valley to the ever burning ever CL
there's a moon always whole in the night
many go in but if you come out to see
the light I know you're more than
blessing is not a fact but I believe in
you like crosses Mark the path oh cross
cross cross cross it out I'll makeing
Nativity for
you and I'll pray and I'll pray I
believe in you I believe in you I
believe in
you I believe in you I believe in
you I believe in you I believe in you
I believe in you I believe in
[Music]
confess I we waiting in the booth for
you tell me everything I've ever wanted
I know you're a mess but that makes two
of us resurrecting J reflecting in your
name I've been D like you so to blame
Show Me A Sign oh you feel you there it
we be the
same I don't know any other way do live
with myself and you
you know what we do you know what we say
keep it coming like we're I'm my KN down
the pain say every a crucifying flame
and I've got fa like that my demons at
the of her hat you are the way the truth
that life of my past I believe in you I
believe in you I believe in
you I believe in you I believe in you in
you I believe in you I believe in
you I believe in you I believe it's hard
to do the false setto consistently I
believe in you I believe in
you I believe in you I could I could
probably not perform the chorus live as
is cu it takes so much breath and I
don't do that breath control
properly I believe in you I believe in
you I believe in you I believe in
you so fun fact that is like the first
time I've like done all the lyrics in
like one go cuz I usually forget all of
them but I actually did it this time
nice I can't stop thinking was next oh
oh o I can't stop
thinking oh my God wait I think I
recently found a project for that hold
on I'm going to release
baddy Badd is
released okay
sure um hold
up I can't stop thinking I swear to God
I just recovered the project for I can't
stop thinking am I
right uh sort
of let me see
files are missing what are
they uhhuh
uhhuh and then just piano VST okay oh I
see beauti for
something and just the piano is missing
cuz it's a waves piano who wants to use
waves piano let's let's replace it with
uh got the new won the sheer water piano
by
idur where is my glue compressor there
we
[Music]
go I [__] guys I love this song so
much
let me see
something I feel like singing it hold on
let me get the lyrics up on my other
screen I think I tried to play this on
piano and perform it one time on stream
and it's like hard for me to play an
instrument and sing at the same time so
let me instead play the instrumental and
then we get uh
get this up
instead I love this song so much
man tail request is like one of those
things it's like you either not or you
don't and like I get like not being
super into it cuz it's kind of just
whatever but it has a few songs on it
that are like really special to me I
can't stop think as one of
them there we go
nice just for
fun I don't
remember
wait I [__] up here try again I don't
remember when you last cried time could
could only tell what words have
Li ever we sing a rer to each time a
beautiful memory Li
[Music]
and I don't
know if it's hard for you it trust me
[Music]
anyway and all these things I feel for
everything that
was I I just can't get you out of my
head
yeah can get you out of my
[Music]
yeah we' watched from distant world so
cried out to hear the wind
blow maybe it was all for
[Music]
us maybe it was one of us
rushing through a fin night you when
every drop of rain would burn eyes
between the warmth and what we
had too young to understand the
[Music]
difference uh uh
and I don't
know if it's hard for you or just me
anyway where were you when we had
fallen and all the things I feel for
everything that was
I I can't stop thinking at all and
still the shadows of our friendship
never
mean could we ever
try they're destined for
silence yeah we are bound by a
circense of our
own hell yeah
one of these days we're going to show
the post cutie marks kid this kids the
[__] we're we're going to get everyone
to listen to T from
requesta then they'll then they'll know
then they'll know what's up then they'll
know what's
up what's crazy is like I have a hard
time writing like simpler songs with
like stripped down like song structures
cuz I get like really antsy I'm like oh
this is so I need to like add I need to
like add something and this is this is
like genuinely a weakness because I
think a lot of my music tends to be very
cluttered um and
like it's really intimidating to write
something simple and to let it like
speak for itself I don't know if you
know what I mean but like um if you can
write something simple and it it it like
really really works as it is then like
you know you've got like something
really good because a lot of the times
I'm like I know I'm trying to like comp
compensate for like making really
complex like song structures and like
ideas and like a lot of the times that
just hides the fact that like I'm kind
of struggling to create like a simple
idea that could just work by
itself this is like a great example to
me of like where I wrote something super
simple and like I would never change the
way this is done
necessarily mik was peing a lot
yeah it's hard to hard to do vocals for
streaming
don't I think before queen of missfits
it's time to listen to TS Equestria it's
time to listen time to listen to Testa
in fact
uh what is this me
say you got to
like you got to go like you got to go to
like you got to like
soulseek just like search at
vs just download it
yeah inter Russ is like a definitely a
spark
anyway
uh love this
song love this song okay so I haven't
streamed a little bit I've been having
some moments but our moments are looking
up now so uh we're all
good let me
just do this our moments are all good
we're all good in
here so to whoever T whoever said I said
I was doing Elden ring I trolled you
we're doing Red Dead today but I was
going to save the surprise for later um
what order should I listen to pre cue
marks albums in you should listen to
them in chronological order because it's
Whiplash I'll give a I'll give everyone
like a taste really quickly of like the
Violet Pony
experience it's like really funny but
like um [__] I don't even have
Winter's end on here am I
stupid let's let's get winners in
I also don't have I don't have uh still
kids on here either I got to get Ste
kids cuz we're Rec canonizing Ste kids
against my better
judgment oh hell yeah the do are is
really cute thank you so much for it
we're Rec canonizing uh still kids but
for
now music piracy on stre I'm winter on
is free it's not even piracy but I would
do it I would do music piracy on stream
if I didn't risk my YouTube channel
status anyway so here's the vi Pony
experience right this is what the early
Violet Pony music really sounds like
[Music]
can we do this without even listening to
seductive Turtle no I don't think we
can seductive turtle in the nature being
seductive in the seductive nature as
they go to their males they seductively
seduce them but as they get babies they
eat them by the time they are done
eating they search for another male to
eat seductive
that concludes the seductive Turtle
please be careful they're everywhere
seductive turtles if you if you engage
call
your ooh ooh
ooh so I did this record when I was
14 um then we go to Twilight which is
like where things improve just a little
bit in fact Twilight the song itself is
actually what I would say is like
good I wouldn't say anything on Winters
Z is good necessarily but I did remake
Nightmare Night part one as a commission
and it's good now and Winter's end the
title track is kind of okay and Starship
Ponyville the first track is kind of
okay but if we're not counting
like if we're not counting some of these
singles here like if we're not counting
the original no matter what I would say
might be like the first good and I say
good is in like five out of 10
song cuz there's like no it's completely
inoffensive it's just it's it's
Serene it's whatever it's nice it's it's
pretty and then it immediately hits you
with this
and I mean we have [__]
actual we have big room house
guys here let me let me just like
like and then big room house again
[Music]
here okay so these two were like 10
where's horse why is horse friends here
also this needs the new art guys this
needs the new art does this have a dank
magic uhuh no no no no no
no I got to fix this hold up sorry we do
this right on stream new Dex start shout
out shout out shout out how do I
dtin shoud hi also I got [__] black
country new road and Squid vinyls that's
great
um there let's let's fix this
properly the S the squid records came
the black country New Road ones haven't
come yet I'm wondering if it's cuz
they're waiting for like
a the the new album to come out
sorry this is the last time I'm going to
download something on stream for the
sake of this everyone say goodbye to the
inferior Horse
Friends
farewell and now for the actual good
one oh thank goodness thank these are in
the wrong order
though [__] whatever I I don't care
anymore it's whatever um
so horse friends is like the first like
cuz Winter's end was more like a test
compilation tape of songs Twilight is
like we called it an album but it's
technically an EP Horse Friends was
like the first album question mark but
I'll get on to that in a second uh and
then you get stuff like some some of the
songs on here are are quite enjoyable
actually um I will stand by things like
the two first songs and
uh and Star Cross I think are great and
then we have oo Pony directory which up
to this point is probably the best song
I had made up to like mid 2014 this one
is like like where where we started
where I started to try and like see how
much like Prague multi-section stuff I
could do in the EDM format so
like like this orchestral part
little liquid D&B part here as well
which is like kind of pleasant
right and it builds into this thing
[Music]
here like come on I was 15 and I wrote
that sick ass chord
progression like I don't know I'm still
proud of this song is it a great song
question mark I think it's a great song
but I think most people might disagree
regardless I was 15 I wrote that chord
progression I'm super proud and I love
this I love o Pony directory still and
then it goes into this like this
thing and then it does whatever this is
like the drop with the vocals is crazy
and then then we do the switch up here
and it does this whole yeah do
this and then we do
the in the span of 5 minutes we do like
Baro style like orchestral music into
liquid German based music
into this half halftime like bro step
Electro Beat into weird gritty cyber
Punk synth pop
music into more of that uh like halftime
Electro stuff or it's actually checkic
drum step sorry and then go into this
like ambient glitch section and then go
into the big like prag house thing and
then go into the Melbourne bounce
thing I was crazy for this this this
song is really awesome and I'm super
proud of but it's too bad that it has to
share space with
uh
this like sure dude what whatever like
that's the thing of this album you'll go
from like I love this song here
like this is really pretty and suddenly
you hit
this where is
it and then you'll have like this crazy
[__] and then you'll go to this all of a
sudden
[Music]
like this album is a huge question
mark um it's a really big question mark
but it's all worth it as long as you get
to Star crust and once you get to Star
crust it's like everything's fine cuz
like starcross is
starcross
um so then after horse friends we went
to this EP and this is where I think the
two things happened lyrics took the back
took a back seat I stopped trying to do
like songw writing for a second for this
record and um we could talk about get
sexy all you want but we maybe will
maybe won't one thing you can say is uh
the production value got a lot better
and specifically I'm thinking of control
freaks the title track
where in my opinion this one's like
really decently produced for the time
[Music]
the thing is we we love to [__] on get
sexy because of the lyrics because of
this yeah what if we tookies and took
sexy and put that together what would
that make the world would go into a
frenzy and then get [__] sexy get
[__] sexy get [__] sexy get
[__] we are going to [__] on this
song for eternity because of those
lyrics don't get don't get me wrong
about that right but then the moment the
drop comes you forget about how [__]
those lyrics are because like I kind of
still love this drop
[Music]
but the the important part about control
freaks is as someone was saying earlier
or a few people were saying earlier was
Golden Light Golden Light I think is the
first time that something like
emotionally hit cuz like Star Cross had
is like the prg house thing of of uh
horse friends and fall to the clouds was
the prog house thing of like before then
I think Golden Light might have been the
first time like a song I wrote actually
like came off as like
emotional I would say
[Music]
and like I just need I just need the
drop to play
because still one of my favorite things
I've done in this era
I think so control freaks I feel like
was the song where everything went from
kind of being like the silly EDM project
to like maybe there's some sort of
substance here it's not perfect it's not
like everything but it's like an
indication that maybe I was going to
start trying
maybe
um and then Control Freaks and then
after that was a load of singles
because let's go over here yeah a lot of
these a lot of these things we just had
a bunch of random singles that I was
doing and the reason why is cuz at the
start of 2015 is when I started
conceptualizing this thing super py
world simulation shout out to the CD
buyers by the way um and my mind I was
like okay I've gotten all this practice
in with these records and the other
singles before and I'm like I want to
start I want to try and do something for
real now so Winter's end horse friends I
don't really consider these my first
albums I consider them like the test
runs I really really fully consider my
first album to be super pony world's R
simulation in my opinion that is like
the first Violet Pony album truly and
the rest were just like compilations of
like attempting to do something
um and so
basically a lot of these albums like
Winter's Z only took a few months horse
friends only took a few months Twilight
only took like a month control freak
only took like a few
months super pony world's rail
simulation took a year and a
half which is how you know I was [__]
serious about
it uh because I still don't even put
that much time into most of my records
anymore um so I had all these singles
come out you know while I was working on
Super Pony world just to like stimulate
people into like you know understanding
my music and hearing it and stuff um
while I was working on Super Pony world
and I was like trying to conceptualize
all this stuff so the big shifts that
happened in this time are like outside
of the albums so like after Golden Light
the really really really really big
shift was cuz you've heard a bunch of
these EDM dance beats right just like
it's just kind of just all it was this
entire time and that's when I hit him
hit him with this one
[Music]
this is now the kingom we
made upon all of our to our
grave we've all come
out change it's only the
beginning only the
beginning just the beginning of the
world we made
[Music]
so obviously a huge Divergence from what
I was doing before and obviously Porter
Robinson inspired but the difference is
what matters the most that the shift is
starting to happen not exactly away from
EDM but away from Festival
EDM and then this is echoed again in
equality where we'd have that midtempo
pop stuff
again you're L you're F don't start your
wings
[Music]
[Applause]
so like the production value went up the
differences from Festival EDM went up
and
so there's all the stuff happening and
you have I mean those who who have heard
uh Carousel May recognize this
melody you know because of
uh because of this
it's over
here so there's
that um
but uh while I was working on Super Pony
world little dreams happened and like
like little dreams I would say is like
the first like really really really like
really like staple Violet Pony song I
think at this time if it wasn't fault of
the clouds it was the song that everyone
knew me for which was this of
[Music]
course sorry chorus
and that was like the last thing that
really happened before super Pony world
came out and then of course super Pony
world came out and finally it was like a
project where I was proud of most of the
things on here um
from the start you have one one up
here
hello so you have like kind of standard
Fair of like EDM stuff and then you have
like knock knock is where things get a
little weird and where I think I start
to try and do experimental ideas they
don't really pay off too much but
like I don't really know what this is
supposed to be but it's kind of
fun doesn't doesn't pay off fully but
it's interesting oh start mixing like
the video game OST stuff yeah like the
Le
shop and like this
[Music]
see
most and then most importantly to me is
this song
because I would
say with this song in specific this is
like where everything viop Pony lore
really
starts is with destined to fatal flaw
and so like this whole like idea of
creating a giant web of stories and
ideas that kind of come together and and
culminate into a singular Place really
starts with this song I
think CU it's like about the meta idea
of escapism and art
and the purpose of creating stories in
the first
place and I play this a lot on piano cuz
it's like one of my favorite things
this is using the soft piano s sound
font from Earthbound which was
simultaneously used by Toby fox in
undertale for different things including
like falling down ruins
Etc I think compared to horse friends
and Winter's end and all that you can
see the pacing is like suddenly very
like considered rather than just like
song by song there's like a
a purpose to where each song is in the
track list and
whatnot I think the variety is a little
bit better intertwined here as well
whereas like there's a lot of orchestral
stuff and like maybe some rock andus of
stuff syn pop EDM whatever it all feels
like it belongs on this album whereas
the other albums before it it felt like
those were just like thrown in there for
fun um
and then first time on an album a post
10 minute song thing where it's just
video game I out for the entire
time so this this I'd consider my first
album really to be
honest and um then what I do after that
is like I had trained this entire time
to do the eating M album ever and I did
it and I was like okay I could keep
trying to do this again but better or I
could do something
else
and I had two Avenues of thought one was
I want to start doing the story stuff
now I would like to do more concept
albums and like like Space Opera
[__] so that's when I started
conceptualizing all Mystic Acoustics cuz
this whole Starship Ponyville story
would been figuring out for a few years
at that point but in the meantime I
wanted to train on doing other things
and better myself as an artist in other
ways and that's where we get into the
business of things like these two albums
now love or hate this album uh this is
where silver and I really started to
like bond with each other and and work
together in new ideas with music and
stuff so suddenly you have the
future-based elements of everything
[Music]
etc
um like basically after after finishing
super Pony world it was like we were
just trying everything we didn't care
what it was was like if something seemed
like an interesting thing to do we were
just going to try and do it um
of course
[Music]
there's so Ramen House in Ponyville was
like a just a small idea and other thing
I was working on on the side was the
love letters and this is where this is
like the biggest Divergence yet where a
lot of this is no longer really EDM it's
more like some sort of Pop alt R&B stuff
where it's like
[Music]
and of
course straight up not Festival EDM
anymore not even close like we're done
it's like gone that's gone uh and stuff
like literally
this this is where I started to like
really come into myself as like a piano
player I
think and then of course course of
course of course
mistress I do wonder sometimes is it
really worth it the beauty the praise
all of
it I don't know
sometimes it just
I don't feel it
[Music]
truly and on stuff like
this I'm
sorry I'm sorry
with Josh shout out
Josh so at that point we the the path
that I had taken to reach here was sort
of like at an end and that wasn't the
focus anymore and this is
where things start to change a lot the
EDM I was doing now started to become
more Boutique and sound design oriented
instead of like dance and Festival
oriented and everything else I was doing
after that was like really R&B focused
at first and was slowly shifting into
different sort of acoustic styles of
music which we would come up on later um
importantly this is when I started I got
in touch with Alo Alx who did the art
for this I started telling him about hey
I'm doing this story thing with uh this
character I want to make and whatever
and so that's when we got in touch and
started talking about Mystic Acoustics
and funny enough Mystic Acoustics only
took like 6 months to make versus a year
and a half for super pory world z
simulation but
um what Mystic acustics was still
somehow taking longer than I expected so
I also made apathy on the side like the
small Loi acoustic EP
thing
[Music]
where we those IND tronica DIY sort of
bedroom pop thing started to emerge a
little bit nonetheless not the most
important thing but it does sort of
signify the shift into being able to do
more acoustic stuff as well and then
comes uh Mystic Acoustics which is
like this is I think a Hallmark record
because uh as opposed to training for
years to specifically make this album
Now Mystic Acoustics was like I'm going
to bring all my skill sets together to
try and make a cohesive thing that feels
whole and that feels digestible and
tells some sort of story that makes
sense um and to this day I still haven't
really made anything like Mystic
Acoustics because I reserve the style
for this story line hom word is kind of
like it but still diverges quite a bit
but regardless this is where
suddenly everything we're doing sounds
like this
[Music]
hold on just a few years
ago just just a few years ago we were
[Music]
here and now we're here
the
[Music]
world I think instead of trying to like
emulate everything I was hearing now we
were trying to do something like that
was our own sort of style and our own
con conceptualization of stuff St Tera I
still don't even really know how how I
made
this I love the sound design on it and I
don't remember anything about making it
[Music]
and then stuff like
this and then we get our first glimpse
of the EDM stuff in here but where
everything was so Festival oriented
before now we're in this weird
experimental sound design oriented
territory
[Applause]
and then
curiously with the famous funny 328
death song this is where I really
started to inject my progressive rock
influence again and see what I could do
with it this
[Music]
time world be CR
to be
tra the
[Music]
and so mytic Acoustics was like the
Victory lap for me where I feel like I
finally made something where I'm fully
proud of the entire thing front to back
whereas like even something like super
pony R is like dotted with stuff that
I'm still not super into and so that
felt like a huge thing and now it's like
silver was teaching me how to do guitar
stuff and like ukulele stuff I didn't
really take to the guitar very much but
I did to the ukulele so that's what I
was doing a lot that's where we arrive
to [__] tail requesta where
everything starts to sound like
[Music]
this and it's like you would know that I
was going to make something like that
after hearing stuff like
you know um music like this
here music like this
here and then the lowii experimentations
on stuff like
this and also on the side doesn't show
here because it's in the album instead
but we did Lotus EP before Mystic
Acoustics and that's where we started
doing this stuff oh oops wrong one
[Music]
very guitar focused sort of R&B beats
stuff give me
that so at this point after Mystic
Acoustics you had to know that I was
going to make an album that sounded like
this like almost fully acoustic music
now
just a full album of this
stuff and then let's see after Tales
quester I was like experiencing sort of
a like a big riter's block
thing and I remember the first thing I
did once I beat my Riders block was I
started working on this thing the hour
like an after project and this is also
just EDM is completely abandoned here in
in favor of stuff like
this and of
course show you my
[Music]
heart I think the big thing here is
arite after signified like this attempt
to start writing more I guess like
personal lyrics and like trying to make
my songw writing just a little bit
better um and then this carried over cuz
we had again in the previous year done
the Lotus EP silver and I and then we
made a a followup to that where we had
the in there and then a bunch of other
material rewrote and I felt like the
first true like pop song I made like the
first real real pop song I had made was
like this
one I
[Music]
don't I am
and we're experimenting with other like
uh acoustic stuff like here I [__]
love this [__]
[Music]
dude as you might be able to tell with
this album I was working on doing more
interesting chord progression
and of course the one for my heart is
takamina which silver and I did in like
one or two
takes and I I just
I'm one of my favorites
Izzy's guitar is like the most iconic
[__] ever I always love doing stuff with
them and then can we really talk about
this album without talking about Ralph
egg around
where did you come from Mr
a um and then I started working on hom
word but in the process of working on
Homer we ran into some setbacks uh Aller
dropped from the project and like we
were trying to scramble around to figure
a bunch of stuff out and like it was a
mess trying to get this album to work
but in the meantime I had uh a bunch of
Rand songs I'd been finishing here and
there so I threw them into into
glitter and at the time it was really
significant
because glitter the title track was
suddenly I was doing EDM
again like it was a little it was a
little test of EDM like oh maybe maybe
I'll maybe I'll dabble in some of that
Pro Progressive house music again just
as a treat the rest of this album
doesn't sound like that it sounds like
this
and
this you could tell that in this album I
was working a lot on trying to like just
do more live performance stuff and and
like R&B stuff again like really getting
Jazzy with it and even back to love
which is an early EDM song that I did in
2013 here
[Music]
[Applause]
originally we do a new version of it
where it sounds like this
instead so obviously EDM wasn't the
focus and I hadn't I had been out of the
like Festival EDM game for a while like
it really stopped with this album and
we're a few years away now right
um that said uh I think where a lot of
my favorite folk tronica like bedroom
pop stuff really came to a climax was
with
twinkle which is probably my favorite of
the like bedroom pop era
music a twinkle in my eyes
I now and of course I remember seeing
someone said that Glitter was just an
excuse to have promite Equestria on an
album and let me just tell you let me
let me let me destroy those
accusations you were correct so we did
promad Equestria in like a day and like
this became my favorite thing ever
I wanted to do an a 1980s slow dance
synth pop song
now there's something very very
important about this song What you need
to know that is at me as a person
throughout these albums really I had
become the like the cringe
hater here's the biggest plot twist in
history remember anony I was the kind of
person that anony SS against about I was
the kind of person to like get mad at
people for everything they liked to do
and I was the kind of person who was
like really self-conscious about my
enjoyments and like really
self-conscious about my image and what
was fascinating about that is with prom
that Equestria the original idea started
as an irony it started as trying to make
a joke like oh ha look how easy it is to
make one of these songs a really
boastful sort of egotistical [__]
and then when we actually did it and I
finished it there's something in my
heart that
like sparkled for the first time in a
long time cuz I heard this thing that we
made as a it was supposed to be as a
joke at
[Music]
first feel you baby
and when we finish it I was
crying I was like this means a lot to me
why this is supposed to be a joke this
is supposed to be a [__]
post and I think you could you could say
that with promite Equestria this is
where me as I am now was
born I would say everything about my
mentality towards art started to change
from like the moment I made the song I
was like what the [__] are we doing here
like actually what are we doing
here why have I've been this way for so
long I like I was scared of like putting
this thing out cuz I was scared people
going make fun of me like oh why are you
taking this so seriously like it's just
a [__] whatever it's just a this it's
just that this is like where the anti
cringe really was
born was like with this song it's like
such a a Canon event this
song um
it would still take time for me to
develop like my World Views about stuff
properly you know and even every now and
then I still find myself like cringing
at something someone is doing that's
harmless and I have to remind myself hey
it's like chill though like it's not a
big deal still a thing I go through but
like I would say that this is
like where a lot of that Modern Art
perspective for me
started and it was just in time because
I was working on finishing homward which
really needed some of those some of that
flare I think so homward was meant to be
the direct sequel to Mystic
Acoustics which one is correct I've I
[__] got my words of it I uh Prim
that equester is where my antonym
started to happen let's put it that
way I don't want to stumble over my
grammar um but Homer again taking all
the things we had learned and trying to
put them together and for the most part
it added up to something
interesting for the first time ever I
played a song in acoustic guitar
completely by myself instead of Izzy
doing it
and then comes in the syth
[Applause]
[Music]
pop and more orchestral stuff
world and one of the songs that I think
is the most one of the most like
underrated ones is this one I don't
think a lot of people ever talk about
this song but it's one of my
favorites
known
Beauty Str
[Applause]
and then of course I brought Living
Tombstone back onto a pony song for the
first time in however many
years so the part that Living Tombstone
contributed the most to was this part
[Music]
so we're again at this point whenever
I'm doing like EDM stuff it's very like
Boutique and very like sound design
oriented um if even if we go in between
albums look at some of the singles I was
releasing like we could go beauty sleep
we could go iophobia we could even go
uh I mean Kang's back is right around
the corner right yeah that's after so
we'll get to that but like I was doing
this
[Music]
stuff and stuff like
this come on now you got this
[Music]
and we can even pull up uh poppy as a
trait why
[Music]
not so outside albums I was still sort
of doing EDM question mark but it was
very like com compared to the frivol
joyous EDM of stuff like like
uh like literally compared to this
[Music]
stuff and like
this instead of the EDM being very like
twe and cheesy and sort of poppy the EDM
that I was doing outside of albums and
then eventually on stuff like Homer was
very like again I would call it Boutique
and sound design oriented I think is the
best word for
it cuz it's really not for a festival
setting it's more for like a we the
weird in between EDM consumption setting
so it it was it was EDM but it wasn't it
was really it was it was a strange
time
um but so homward was quite significant
cuz once you get
to penumbra that's where it's like I'm
trying get like you you you'll notice a
theme here every now and then I'll try
and and put in some like lightly
progressive rock sounding stuff
somewhere like in Horse Friends the
progressive rock ideas were the
multi-sections of oo Pony directory but
it was like mostly EDM but it's the idea
of all this genre hopping and like
Progressive structures that's like you
could tell that I was trying to like
Infuse aggressive rock into my stuff um
then in stuff like U super poy World
zero simulation where we have Z's
Kingdom and the multisection stuff
here you can tell I was trying to
implement like progressive rock ideas
there um where else are we we could we
could talk
about
um I mean technically we could talk
about um what the [__] what's it called
I lost my train of
thought but you'll just notice a pattern
whereas with every major project I'm
trying to do something Progressive
Progressive Rock oriented somewhere
somehow even if it's not progressive
rock oh yeah and with k for the dying
here same
thing
but homward is the first time where it's
like an like an actual progressive rock
song and now the mask is sort of off
it's a lot less EDM focused and now
we're actually doing progressive rock
[Music]
odd time signatures acoustic
drums um key changes
multi-sections even [__] orchestral
we're we're doing symphonic Prague
now ambient like random breaks and
stuff beat switch UPS like
this what's next on the checklist oh
yeah Broadway
singing cuz we got Broadway
is
you I was the
so as penumbra it was like finally did
the progressive rock song 10 minutes key
changes odd time signatures Rock
sensibilities weird ambient uh like uh
cutaway gags we'll call them um dramatic
singing uh narration style vocals this
this was prog rock I was trading my
whole life to do it and I thought I did
it and now that's all I need I got my
fill I've proven myself to
myself and then overrun accidentally
happened so
overrun was originally I think I've said
this a million times before was
originally supposed to be for [__]
control freaks part one for control fre
part two technically it was supposed for
this years before and that's when I had
start started the demo I played the
demos on stream before so I won't do it
again but um and what happened was I
finally finished overrun and then gloomy
Nan had sent the the art that they had
done for the song and some bonus pieces
and those extra pieces that they had
made I started to write music inspired
by it and then that's how this 10minute
three song one song Suite ended up
happening which then itself became
progressive rock music cuz we have first
section
symphonic prag
[Music]
stuff and then of course the part
everyone
[Music]
knows mle Street night
I can't take this
[Music]
anymore and the most progressive rock
part is obviously this
[Music]
so because of accidentally creating this
Prague thing again at the end I was like
thinking to myself maybe one day I can
do a prag album for real it would take
seven more years but that said
um after hom word again I was a little
bit tired of the Cinematic electronic
stuff and whatever that's when I did uh
love letters
colorless and again we go into a weird
diversion here where everything's like
the alt R&B stuff and like bedroom pot
mix together
[Music]
when you move like
of course more of the like jazz stuff
here R&B
things and then curiously at the end
this synth pop thing
and the most interesting thing is is
that this ending song would sort of like
preface the fact that queen of Misfits
was coming up
next queen of missets came after this
and this was purely pop music now and
this was like actually just pop music
[Music]
of course s
us oh my God magic
[__] so damn sorry from the bottom my
heart
I'm
the mad this time
stuff so GL this is just a focus on
doing since pop and just like pop music
in general but there is this slight
detour here
which is actually a stealth prog rock
song if you think about
it compared to the rest of this
album not really Prague but it's
stealth oh but then multi-section 10
minutes long okay we get the idea at
this point um then fairy tales this is
what I had been working on since the end
of H word and this is sort of more of
the
same as as home word super Pony world
and Mystic Acoustics and at this point
um there's a lot less Innovation
happening here like I'm exploring myself
a lot less as an artist with this
project where it's just a lot of stuff
you really heard
before just done cinematically I suppose
[Music]
and
like now fairy tales does this thing
where we're many albums and many years
away from
like the last EDM Focus project like
zero simulation
and even now with this being a super
pony World album there's just like not a
lot of EDM on it there is fairy tales
the
song there is like uh Street
[Music]
rat but most of the music on here is
like not EDM
[Music]
this is synth
pop this is more synth
pop technically serpent dance is more
synth
pop it is house music but it's still
poppy this is less like Festival EDM and
more just
like pop trans
and I guess like Po industrial stuff
this is straight up rock
[Music]
music do have like the boutique EDM
stuff again like the base
music but just a lot of this album is
stuff everyone's heard before from me
like this isn't really new I think the
best way to describe fairy tales is if
you took super pony world's rail
simulation and injected queen of Misfits
into it that's like the best way I could
explain
it so a lot of this was
like just more of the same and I feel
like you could feel that in the album I
was getting sort of tired of doing this
a little
bit um that
said we have medle of Visions which is
20 minutes long the multi-section weird
video game OST EDM [__] song which
is
[Music]
this but this song is
weird and this is all one song
[Music]
so with fairy tales so much [__] was
going on in my life I don't need to get
into it I think the story is pretty
pretty known at this point and so many
things were happening I was getting
tired of the music was doing and I
didn't know the direction I wanted to
take it in um a lot of Life Changes were
happening left and right um I was living
on my own for the first time you know
just so much [__] was going on and then
there was like you know the big Canon
event was the death of Sophie
Zeon uh who was you could tell probably
since glitter at least maybe even
earlier know it would definitely be
glitter um was was an in fluence on me
cuz I didn't discover her until pony boy
came out which I felt bad about cuz
apparently you know she had been doing
so much incredible music in the years
before and was being a huge
innovator uh the last songs is just a
compilation of like unfinished songs
that I was working on for Fairy Tales um
Sophie had become a very very very big
inspiration on me as a person and as an
artist and her sudden passing filled me
with so much like sickness and like age
and like so sick of so many things and
that's when I started working on cue
marks just out of
nowhere and as you've seen this
progression all the way from Winter's
end all the way through here seeing this
progression it would make sense why this
album is the way that it is I didn't
know who I was I didn't know who I
wanted to be I didn't know the artist I
was I didn't know what music I wanted to
make anymore and so you've heard me try
all these different things musically and
this is the album where I'm just like
I'm going to do every single thing that
I just feel like doing I don't care what
it is I'm just going to do it and it's G
to sound
cool and so with cutie marks that's why
the album is so all over the place you
can go
from this future Rhythm stuff too
[Music]
[__] like mid-tempo rock music
to uh Euro dance TR
music to hyper
[Music]
poop to spy
music to just more
hyperpop to breakes oriented glitch HW
or glitch glitch pop
music to [__] Moon baton
like if you if you've seen this
progression the fact the way cutie marks
is just makes so much sense now you know
that I've been trying to make something
different with every album but with
fairy tales I just felt like for once I
was doing something that was just the
same and that made me feel insane I was
like this was it was weird I needed new
I needed something new everything and so
cuber is just one song After the other
everything's a different genre I don't
care anymore everything needs to be a
different genre to Mo Moon baton than to
like this
like emo pop punk [__] hyper pop
music same
here then to the Bro step of like
2017 to like Baro pop
stuff back to Progressive Rock and like
whatever the [__] this UK garage [__]
is all the way to this like this is kind
of IND tronica
right German Bas style stuff to like
this dramatic
like to be honest tally Hall SES
song micro pop like nerd [__] music
combined with like weird bro step growls
and S city of the sil of like the
experimental ambient
music very long form post-minimalist
ideas to this acoustic
ballad to straight up pop
BM and like that's why this album sounds
the way that it does and that's why
onward you see a completely different
genre each time I do an album because
this is what I've always been doing um
and there was a period of time where I
started to slow down in that diversity
and it made me sad I didn't like that I
like doing it doesn't have to be wildly
different like all these things are
still in similar mediums like to suggest
that most of these albums are
non-electronic is not true like it's an
electronic medium usually except for
maybe Alo and Lotus and Monarch but
aside from that it's like I've always
been trying to do stuff in a similar
medium um then you get to Fish whisper
which is where I tried to do an album of
all completely new music for me in the
sense that allot of the stuff was new
genres for me but I wanted to make an
album of all stuff I had never really
done before so this was very Rock and
like glitch pop focused
and like you
know you can still feel those EDM roots
in there though it's not intrinsically
EDM but you can if you've seen this
progression you can hear it now um I've
still got something to teach you once
again progressive rock slowly making its
way in here
my main idea with fish whisper is for it
to sound really consistent like
everything really really was one whole
thing again which compared to cutie
marks where everything was purposefully
disconnected and disjointed and all over
the place you could see maybe why I
wanted that contrast um and in doing
super inconsistent album and then Super
consistent album I was like huh what if
I did one where everything switches
halfway through
and yeah Carousel was Ground Zero for a
few
things but Carousel was where I started
to explore my EDM routes again like
fully explore my EDM routes again um
because this is 2023 now right and the
last time I had done an album that was
truly EDM focused was all the way back
in 2016 so by this time 7 years had
passed since my like EDM Focus
now I didn't want this to be an EDM
album but I wanted it to consider those
roots as a part of it so that's why it
starts off very EDM
here even does like cheesy OMFG glitch
hop music
here but then on the back half is where
the like post industrial like post
grunge like uh shou's rock music starts
to happen right progressive rock ideas
as
well and you can tell I'd had some
handlings with guitar a little bit
partially from Silver and then me
experimenting afterwards and
like you knew that eventually as you
were hearing this progression that
Monarch was inevitable at this point but
I digress um here I'm playing a lot with
narrative structures and trying to like
subvert what the idea is and like I
wanted it to sound consistently EDM but
as you go along it starts to sound weird
and weird and weird and slightly
inappropriate for the genre like weird
choices that don't necessarily make
sense and that's when the carry and
child happens and everything breaks
apart stuff
um and of
course really trying to hone in on that
sludgy sort of desolate atmosphere
[Music]
sound and then when you stuff like
Carousel I mean if you've listened to
Mystic Acoustics right if we've gone all
the way back here Homeward Mystic
Acoustics maybe even a little bit of
like fairy tales and stuff stuff like
Carousel the title track makes a lot of
sense cuz you know I've done stuff kind
of like this before but I really wanted
to like lean into it fully this time and
not having being like detracted by the
idea that it has to be EDM adjacent and
appropriate now this was a space where I
could explore like orchestral music in
its own
[Music]
space look at all just makes sense um
and then of course Creek flow can never
forget and if you listen so carefully to
C flow you can probably tell in your
heart that this is where that little
spark for Monarch begin gritty noisy
unkempt messy sort of thing happening
but on the down low I started working on
Monarch right after Carousel dropped
that's when I started working on Monarch
um working on Monarch was a slog because
it was just pain and pain and sadness
and pain and like i' had to be that way
in order for the album to work it had to
genuinely be a soul crushing experience
and every time I had to take a break
from Monarch I would work on one of
these two of course the first of those
two was Paradise Valley which I have
been listening to a lot of
like a lot more like hip-hop and rap
music and I was like also getting really
drawn in towards like the cloud rap
scene and stuff I had been a little bit
when I was younger cuz some come some of
my friends but I was like really getting
into it again and so I wanted to
experiment and like this was a very big
Divergence again like huge huge shift
away from what I was doing already into
a more like hip-hop focused like
atmosphere and
[Music]
like with a
little again knowing my EDM routes this
isn't necessarily EDM music but if you
know my EDM
rotes [__] like this makes so much sense
right
of
course actual dubstep and not fake
[Music]
dubstep and then of course gross her
Wizards was the other thing I worked on
while Monarch was in progress and my
idea was like how do I
approach stuff like I was doing here
with the modern sensibilities of an
adult how do I make it playful and
reasonable and good while still being
like better question mark I don't want
to say better but like more polished so
girl sh Wizards is like I wanted to make
the most polished consistent EDM project
that I really wish I could have made in
this era when I was focusing on
it and so after hearing everything I've
been doing to the average listener of me
it might be a shock but if you've seen
the progression it's
[Music]
like it's like to longtime listeners of
vop pony you've heard this but not like
this and now the Ed isn't just for the
sake of the EDM there's like all this
purpose behind it and all this like
narrative structure that supports it and
like I'm not just making EDM for the
sake of it but also commenting on it as
a as a style and as a medium and it's so
exciting
because it's just so exciting to me
because it's like it's more than just
Dance music it's like it's it's my it's
it's my
creature right and it's like this I I
saw a comment that offended me so much
where because again I made this song
[Music]
right and I got so [__] offended
because cuz someone said oh the song is
really good I wonder how Violet was able
to like accurately make the big room
music I'm sure there's a lot of good
tutorials on YouTube and in my mind I'm
like
[__]
[__] I was there
when the ancient texts were [__]
written I was
there it's so [__] funny because like
I you can see throughout these albums
I'm trying more and more to like hide my
EDM influen because I was self-conscious
about it I was like o I want to make
like quote unquote real music like Alo
and Lotus that's a real album because
it's all real instruments and it's like
prolific and has like sensible lyrics
and stuff this stuff wasn't real music
blah blah blah blah blah and
like now come full circle to this album
where I'm actually offended that someone
didn't pick up on my EDM roots that is
the kind of like contrast that I'm
extremely proud of there is that whole
period where I was like ashamed to be
associated with EDM like cheesy like
tweet EDM music like oh it's so much
lesser right and now to me EDM in the
right context any kind of genre in the
right context but like EDM in the right
context is is prolific and is powerful
and is more than just real music and
that's what I'm so excited to
communicate with the things that I do is
one of the reasons I say that girls who
are Wizards and Monarch are the Same
album is because I do not ever in my
right mind want to suggest that one one
is more prolific than the other they are
both attempting to communicate very
similar ideas both albums are about
Reclamation both albums are about
healing yourself and your past self both
albums are about trying to find
forgiveness in yourself both albums are
about trying to grow they are the same
[__]
album just because one takes itself more
seriously doesn't mean it's actually
like better at telling that idea and
that's exactly what I want to
communicate if you can to the person who
can listen to Monarch of monsters and
not like a girl for wizards you're you
are not part of my audience you're a
poser you don't get it maybe one day
you'll get it but you're a poser you
don't you don't really belong here yet I
hope you do one
day um the true Violet experience is
admitting that monarch of monsters and
girl hor Wizards are the Same album told
in different ways
um but that said again it's like I'm
doing this [__] and people are like oh
my God that's crazy I didn't know you
could do that it's like I've been doing
this my whole
life um so girls are a Wizards something
like that and then of course finally we
get to Monarch I mean I'm pretty sure
most people know how this sounds by now
but like it to if you just got here it
might sound shocking this album might
sound shocking in terms of
like in terms of like genre cuz it's
like holy [__] where did all of this
come from
like how did you develop this all of a
sudden you've never made an album like
this where did this come from and it's
like no but if you go through all these
albums you can see I'm testing different
ideas that eventually lead to
Monarch you have stuff like again the
multisection ideas of OA Pony directory
um even in O Pony directory you have
some basic introduction to like rock
music ideas um and love letters
experimenting with non EDM stuff and
super Pony world working a lot with
narrative structures and ideas um Mystic
Acoustics working with like theatrical
Concepts and like making things feel
more operatic and like Progressive um
tells maestria focusing on a lot of
acoustic ideas and like trying to get
through all of those things you go
through all these albums and see
everything I'm practicing and then you
get to Monarch really the only thing in
Monarch that's brand new is the fact
that it's all electric
guitar you take away the electric guitar
and replace it with like instruments
suddenly it sounds a lot more like older
Violet Pony
music I guess the only other thing is
like the screaming and like the anguish
and like the the the dramaticism of the
lyrics sure if you want but really the
only new thing in Monarch is the guitar
because I've been doing music that
sounds like this stealthily throughout
all these records hi Taylor Swift um so
uh I don't remember who asked but uh
there's your that's how you listen to
the viop pony uh disc craphy is just
listen to them from oldest to newest and
uh you'll get the Whiplash but not
really I hope that answers your question
it only took us an hour and a half to
get through
that whereas I where were I inspired by
sprain at all while making Monarch
absolutely very
much uh but anyway that is violet Pony
now let's let's let's take the
test it's 1:00 a.m. and I still haven't
gten to Red Dead Redemption let's take
the test do I know Violet Pony music
let's find
out uh
delivery Class
Act I hear
something [__] it it rains today
okay
now oh
Harper uh hibernation
nice hopes
hopes I guess that do be the Axon
I'm so glad we didn't I don't have to do
anything else here because no [__]
way we're listening to any of this on
stream
cool we've missed a few cuz I've
been I've been AFK for a little
bit yes here my
beloved is that
pum
no oh
monolith to aian
Mo
molth oh my Vitality is glitching out I
almost typed that instead of Vitality
glitch you know what's funny is like
it's throwing me off for I thought it
was like doesn't that sound like the
opening Melody to great unknown
[Music]
doesn't
it but I never played this on an
acoustic instrument before
so um anyway I think I think it is squid
Galaxy wait do I sure
yeah here
ass I typed here ass that was really
nice way of the
dodo [__] Mary
kill again are singles on here
that's a
swarm oh that's reflected in the eyes of
the cavern lurker
nice o okay is this comets or is this
Rarity doing I think it's
comets look at
me do I I know TS requests you're better
than everyone it might be unfair because
I made the album but I do
know oh yes the wolf how was in how to
talk to your Shadow too that's because
uh during carousel's production is when
I downloaded the halflife sounds folder
so cuz I've always loved halflife but it
had been a while since I had really
thought about it and I was hyper
fixating again the hyper fixation really
hasn't died down
since and this is the Armada
uh I don't remember the wait let me try
it the full title
it's Hudson Bay and the ballot the
ballot of 100 warships right that's
it I got it exactly right but I'm copy
and pasting it just in
case elium just finish that game you
beautiful catching on going through the
Violet discography with everyone has
just made this a lot
easier it didn't really um Locust room
wow easy easy
life we got
this oh where everything is
new uh Eastward part two and I have to
copy and paste that one because
I can't type this one
correctly
nectar R deer
event oh
there's a menu themee nestled within us
all I'm [__] locked in right now
dude well that's just the things that
behind
us it's the heretic I had to think
because I always keep saying wo is me
first
with swarm again
no
yes flare for the
dramatic also just I don't know if I've
s this before on stream in case I have
I'm sorry for repeating myself I will
repeat myself a lot cuz like people will
come here and and haven't heard these
stories before so I apologize but uh
flare for the dramatic as a title came
from a Odyssey cane skin voice
line which is
literally girls who hurry up uh here
enough for
something don't you have any flare for
the
dramatic cuz I have the Odyssey Kane
skin and that's the one I play as with
Kane and so I remember when I was
writing Carousel I was also playing Kane
uh I was like oh yeah FL for the gtic
that'd be sick that was a sick song
title face Cannon right
nice two more to
go delivery
again Escape ghost
[Music]
madelines true
beauty rest now little wolf I will not
type the entire song
title a vigil viil for Arya or how the
Lambs stood in an empty
room with empty
friends Fu okay I'll just type rest now
little wolf
square
one oh Class
Act all right exerting my brain power
what has silence what songs have silence
in them
what if it's I've still got something to
teach
you okay
no oh no matter what 2022 my
beloved eyes on
me an nyph specifically Violet Pony step
remix
Fisher is
landing and that's all she wrote nice
guys after 2 hours we're going to
finally fight Red Dead Redemption isn't
it
great let's do a
oh that's
nice on my
keyboard I need to clean my keyboard
anyway this shit's getting
crusty spill cam shout
out we're going to ride [__] horses
today dude unfortunately I don't have
any Takis today which is uh
regrettable I should have gotten Takis
unfortunately I Haven been eating
healthy the past 3 days I keep
forgetting to buy
snacks I Know It's upsetting it's it's
very sad
okay what are we doing we're
gaming
controller neads still exist in like new
form mes I
think guys the gaming isn't upside down
this
[Music]
time one
second oh wait wait wait wait wa wait
wait hold on
hold
[Music]
on I forgot there is I forgot wait wait
a
minute couple couple things really
quickly
uh number
one should this be a t-shirt
design let me know right now
the [__] young
Le
okay and
two 2 two two 2 two two
um someone was
saying who is it someone was saying
uh just missing hip-hop when we're
talking about the v v
discography I'm pleased to tell
[Music]
you I roll with the w gang
now everything you did everything is
funny
[Applause]
[Music]
with on the
tree sh
B with a gun got a s now the mil man get
a picture times of
[Music]
[Applause]
charm be another the do
[Music]
it the crack
another this and
[Music]
this thisy became the crun
champion this to name big enough check
yourself at the door I know what do you
think dead on the scoreboard kicking up
a stink form right over function takes a
[__] to do it right blood on your land
when you're losing every fight you know
how we do it on the bodies of your men
put a where his brain should be pluged
right out the stem double barrel shy sh
rabbit another has been in the back s by
a [__] yeah YouTube Don't ban me I can
reclaim it okay
[Music]
nice all right
also yeah that was a Detroit a near
Detroit Michigan
sample play COD instead absolutely
not why why did I open
fortnite
whoops all right all right all right all
right damn I really could have go for
Takis right
now it's a misstep on my
part thought you did that on purpose no
I just don't have
thoughts wait Bean are you still
here are you still in chat
what would be another good snack for Red
Dead we be like a a kenning a canning
snack [__] raw rattlesnake Me
Maybe
peanuts peanuts are good I'll do
peanuts I would absolutely not do
chewing
tobacco okay does anyone remember what
we were doing last what was the last
thing we
did beef jerky oh that's
true beef jerky does have quite a bit of
sodium
though I don't know how much beef jerky
sodium equivalent they would have right
now considering it's like hyper process
but wait so what is Arthur skim
board what did we
do what's wrong now I've seen you
looking at her Dutch who you know who
getting too old for you am we that's how
it usually works with you isn't it
you're delusional again won't even look
me in the eye but you look at her all
day doesn't matter what I say you'll
believe whatever fantasy you're
currently living in fantasy you think
this is a fantasy for me I do not have
the energy for this right now oh it's
written all over you I'm not stupid I've
been watching oh that much is painfully
clear you're playing a dangerous game
will you be quiet I am trying to read
here
Pig no he's not a cop you know when I
was a little boy I'm genuinely trying to
remember what we just did in our last
play
through I know we did the uh we did the
w I'm pretty sure
yeah man I don't
remember is there literally no way to
check progress question
mark horse seller was that last time
I guess that
[Music]
was oh and then the the
Caravan the uh collecting the lion and
[__] I remember
now I don't know how I could forget
something like that they accused five
men of spreading rebellion in
cannibal encounter was last time too I
think we had a long play through last
time and how are our
vitals I like a serp one of those men
was my
uncle another was a friend of my
parents you know what those men had
done they had suggested that the men of
the village demand a fair wage from the
local
landowner not not that he all that he
had just that he give enough that the
people might
live of course Mexico could be a Land of
Plenty but the people with the power
there they rather kill than share the
smallest little
piece all my life I think about
this most people are
thieves because they steal the lives in
the hopes of
others Hey
Arthur
Bill
B it's like genuinely true that you can
technically play this game without
making your character sleep once right
I should say
Arthur there's only one
[Applause]
sleeve cut scene let's go
what's this guy's problem
huh ah ha Morgan ha stra how are you
enjoying yourself here well enough I
guess and you well it turns out the
pursuit of freedom is not a cheap
business not for us and not for some of
the locals sharking already I prefer to
call it banking you ain't the one
handing out the beatings no but I am the
one feeding the women and children in
the camp what choice do we have Mr
Morgan I don't know come on then tell me
who here's the list Refinery worker
turned Hunter by the name of Vinton
Holmes you'll find him up in the hills
north of strawberry ah an apprentice
Undertaker this one working in Rose his
name was Gwen Hughes and how many them
do you think we'll be able to pay with
enough encouragement both of
them
gindin or new Dynasty
mwin see guys we're we're playing we're
playing I was about to say Delta we're
playing elen
ring come on horse
are you busy
Arthur slightly what well I know you
think I'm just some a feat buffoon what
a man of words and not of action hardly
a man at all well I think you're as
slippery as an e and an oil slick but
still a man because I think I've I found
something interesting yeah have you ever
robbed a stage cult no never who would
have even thought of course I robbed a
goddamn Stage Coach you know I and
what's the problem with stage coaches
the armed man attempting to put a bullet
in your head not quite the odds I mean
is it worth the robbing sometimes I know
but well if you'd like to come with me I
can introduce you to a new best friend
and he's he's going to give you all the
decent robable stage coaches a Hot
Blooded degenerate could require well I
could require a whole
lot so where do we find this friend of
yours
roads because what can possibly go wrong
there well lead the way and we'll find
out I'm not going to give me a oh it is
going to give me there I thought we're
supposed to like chill out you still
seem to have got about around here you
know me I like to make Friends in Low
Places how the hell you end up down here
any anyway I could ask the same of you I
have a few commitments over this way
some expenses to meet expenses What
expenses gentlemen's canes and rabit to
pull out of hats among other things I
had quite a nice little business going
for a while chairs in a gold mining
company excellent returns for the
investor of a certain Financial standing
until well that unfortunate running with
the law yeah that's how it
goes thanks for disappearing on US
during that sha business by the way I'd
done my part each to their strengths
Dear
Boy you know you boys should really
watch yourselves with those two families
this is a small town people talk I tried
to mention it to OA but you know how he
is anyway while they're off chasing ing
their pot of Confederate gold hidden at
the end of some rainbow let me present
you with something real so where exactly
are we going the train station the clerk
there Alden is quite a fellow here we
are we can hitch up outside I'll make
the introductions author
[Applause]
M to
be I have not finished animal well I
forgot to play
it come on hang back a bit and let me do
the talking we don't want to scare him
off
hello falden hello joar how have you
been Dandy and you friend like I said
times are tough my m is a bad woman
terrible woman they often are but how's
work Alder Terri
wages got cut again they reckon they
just invented a new horse's Carriage
will be the end of us they've been
saying that nonsense since they invented
the wheel the wickedness of bosses I
know my comrades here and I are greatly
discouraged from the adequate
fulfillment of our duty a discouraged
man is no man at all Alden no man at all
my friend Arthur here has a present for
you
here ain't you kind sir call him Martha
he's one of us a fellow man of
Distinction okay well this is perfect
timing I think you'll like this one josi
it'll be coming south Down the River
Road through silkwater strand thank you
Alden thank you very much oh and josi if
you were Arthur or ever out strawberry
way asked for my colleague there fell
called Hector he's also one of the what
did you call us again his hair is
through his discouraged men Alden that's
it discouraged men I like that well
goodbye Alden or should I say Ad do oh
ad do
Josiah are these two gay what's going on
what the hell was that I thought you
might like to see that pantomine River
Road through silwat strandy said okay I
think I know a good spot to wait follow
me okay let's go this way
you okay
[Music]
boy what did I tell you simple as can be
seems a lot of the station workers are
in honored these days earning a pittance
the unions are whipping them up so they
want something on the side
like he said there strawberry could
create a lot of opportunities for a man
in your line of work I ain't sure about
going back to Strawberry after all that
market business didn't sound like you
left anyone alive to recognize you so I
wouldn't worry too much dear boy all
this trouble you gentlemen are becoming
quite the celebrities aren't you soon
you'll be on the front of a dime novel
and dead of course
wait we're going to
Strawberry are we I can't tell we're
hoping it'd be long gone before that
just has a plan if anything goes wrong
let's meet back here at this Crossroad
okay all right
[Music]
here we are this is the spot oh no we're
not
whoa they just said if we're up at
strawberry okay this should do
sure
here I'm hoping we won't need those H
better safe than sorry so what were you
thinking well according to this the loot
is located in a strong box which is in
the back I'll put on a little
performance and you can Scurry around
open the strong box and relieve them of
their goodies and how do I open the
strong box without threatening someone
to open it for me this should work huh
and I can do this silently well I'm
hoping complete silence won't be
necessary but you're going to wish you
had your earplugs
this is damson oh very good Olden very
good of course if anything goes wrong
you can wave your guns around like you
normally do old tight they'll be here
soon do we have a lock pick now yes we
do nice I like that there it is right on
time let's go keep your distance so they
don't see you and please leave that gun
in its holster for once
[Music]
I'll ride ahead and get the coach to
stop you hang back don't let them spot
you or you'll Scupper the h
[Music]
I hope you don't mind my singing not at
all I'm
preparing it's a fre
country did you say a
show it's a small
benefit Chester danc
easy easy stop the my good man stop
[Music]
the
w dson why did you stop
sing the New York audience they were
rather Cru New Yorkers are PRS and fools
who believe westerners don't know
anything about culture I couldn't agree
more could you it's such a
small for me I'm looking
for I don't know damson you owe it to
West Elizabeth
fore
for
spe it's real
[Music]
Madam I've heard
enough might I have your
C the event is on the 23rd of this month
I can't say enough about Mrs
damson
my so sorry gentlemen for the
interruption
farewell time to go
boy it's done Arthur a little finess for
once well done sir well done it was easy
you did all the work teamwork my dear
boy teamwork here you go thank you oh
it's all good go see Alden from time to
time see you soon Arthur you bet I will
ooh
money
$3 let's go
boy all right where we
going Quin
Hughes Billy the toad
got any more opera singers for me to Rob
morning
Arthur yeah
[Music]
hey there mister good
morning good
morning wait for to
F-150
whoa boy
yes yes
[Music]
what can I say I love running over
animals in our
car
Arthur look quite right
hey mister
morning got any idea what time it is
every going to get the hang of this
no Dad don't care if it's pretty
right when
Hugh start breaking out a box for
yourself if you don't got that money you
old Leopold
Strauss I I
don't I need more time does in
everybody that casket for you or you
want another wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait I I I can get it for you but
um wellit
uh come with me to the
churchard and stay close h
all
right oh this ain't right I I mean I
I'll get you your money but
uh well you'll see what ain't right is
borrowing money you can't pay back I
guess I guess I guess you you're correct
but uh this it ain't exactly right what
we're
doing you ain't the first to put his
hand in the collection box and you won't
be the last rest a little easier knowing
one church has been taking more than
they need off poor folks since time
began well like I said
well the morality of the matter is a
little more confusing than
that
how okay you head on in the church I'll
keep watch what a in there it's under
here I'm digging up Mrs
claypole Jesus well she got a bunch of
jewels in there that she don't
need this was his first
thought oh damn
it there's a bunch of people here oh I
got it I got it look you clear them off
and I'll wait right around here but
don't hurt nobody
we don't want no
fuss don't be shy ain't knowing around
just my auntie you're you two might want
to find somewhere a little more private
we was fine until you got here
Mister good day
now get out of here kids move come on I
knew we shouldn't have been here you
missed your chance boy
ma'am would you mind clearing out of
here for some maintenance work gladly
it's about time this place got cleaned
up it's
okay it's all clear all right now go
watch the gate I'll get to this uh exam
I'm sorry ma'am the church grounds are
closed for maintenance
work well it's about time to too the
place was in need of some care and
attention well let's get in that I'll
tell you that
[Music]
much now why can't I have my guns out in
roads
[Music]
now there's them that's born to it
there's everyone else uhhuh that's how
it is things was done on Merit you and
me be hey look we're closed for some uh
excavation work would you mind no I
ain't going to mind you at all you carry
on with your business we'll carry on
with ours this fell o damn choir
boy get the hell out of this churchyard
are you boys going to need yourselves a
preacher you hear this fell I heard him
all right we're going to lick you
bastard
let's let's go
[Music]
mister
ouch
ouch who's talking now
huh [__] hope this hole's
dug imagine picking a fight with someone
visibly carrying guns also I'm sorry but
neither of those guys were jaged Arthur
is I don't know what the [__] they were
doing all right well here's your
payment oh forgive me Mrs claypole what
you find well she had a brooch here
looks like
diamonds well this she'll
do now get out of here or someone sees
you can't believe it's come to
this all right well uh I'm out of
here that that's more than than clear
what I what I owe you
yeah
bye oh now it doesn't let me use
guns it was just for that
mission now last time I came around
these benches we found a slave think he
is oh this
country you all right hey mister how do
you do
sir are still
on oh hello been a while since you were
around this
way oh my
you are a bad
person
hey thank you for your
help we go maybe I should go to
Strawberry back so soon just for the
Goof of
it is there anything to do there right
now oh yeah yes yes
indeed not
valentine strawberry and then
there's I guess rig station isn't the
nearest one
all right
[Applause]
[Music]
here why are we just staring at Arthur's
ass I'm not necessarily complaining it's
just more of just like a just seeking
clarification that's what that shot was
supposed to
be oh of course
[Music]
hey you get out of
here hello sir howdy
Mister come on every s every single
train I go on there's always a guy
yelling get on get out
you're a good boy
[Music]
favorite song I've made is probably
sludge or Wallflower equation at this
point hello
yeah you all right there
boy you all right boy see you for
F150 damn I I want peanuts now the
suggestion was top
tier I'll get peanuts for next help I
need
[Music]
assistance please stop please stop oh I
beg
you I'm in bad sords here I took a
little jot and I've managed to get
myself hopelessly lost I am staying in
Strawberry if you could just guide me
back this is probably going to be bad
can't think of a good reason to say
no oh thank you thank you
sir well after you what possessed me to
come out here I'll never
know what are you doing out here anyway
this clearly ain't your natural
habitat I no I'm just visiting I'm from
New York City
actually you don't say
oh yes there was some talk at the
Country Club about this burgeoning
little Resort town called strawberry so
I thought it might be quite the trip to
see what all the fuss was perhaps make a
few Investments while it was still
undervalued turns out I was made the
pool not enjoying it then it's a town of
splinters if you could call it much of a
town at all I'd hardly stepped off the
carriage and I'd taken in the whole
place I suppose some might call it
Charming huh let me tell you charm is
not worth much these days you show me a
timber frame Shack and I'll show you
Broadway and meanwhile you have this
mayor a quite intolerable blo hard a
little bespoke Woodwork and he thinks
this is a cultural Hub the man's
completely deluded well I should give
him some credit he must be quite the
salesman he did get me out here after
all more fool me now I'm trumping
through the leaves in the muck with some
cowboy no if
little
taken little but not
none dude hurry up you could have gotten
on my horse we're on the
path bro was too straight
dude hurry
up oh are we close to
town run him over it won't be my fault
run him over it won't be my fault sir
you've rescued me from the dev
you seem quite the resourceful sort sir
if for some reason you plan to spend any
time in Strawberry you may want to look
into that gabbing mayor something is
definitely off with
him all right well keep that in
mind maybe stay in town for now huh a
rock and a hard place thanks anyway
ah New Yorkers Jesus it'll take more
than that
boy Arthur I I get it
easy
there okay there
I'm sorry
boy easy boy
[Music]
you'll be all
right when
homes I didn't expect to run into no one
out
here funny how far a man's debts will
follow
him you got some money for me boy I seen
your name in our Alle you you're with
the
German look I got it for you it's just I
don't got it yet it's up in them Hills
you panning for it hunting it I tracked
this cougar it's rare lily wack coat the
pelts are more in cover what I owe if
I'm skinning anything I'm skinning you
boy please I'm out of work it's the only
way you'll get paid and all the hard
work's already
[Applause]
done
fine
move well um uh need our horses it's um
quite a trip yeah yeah
Bo all
right let's get the bow and then sniper
rifle
yeah Drive boy let's get where we're
going Drive okay follow me drive I'm
driving make me come out here make me
Chase all over this godamn mountain hey
you knew it was a risk I didn't know
nothing your name is all I knew well the
German speaking fell then Mr Strauss he
knew my work situation was precarious
that this whole thing was a a risky
Venture wait
risky am I at risk now are you
threatening me winon Holmes I ain't no
certainly not sir I'm I'm merely stating
a man without a job with limited
prospects at those rates repayment was
by no no means guaranteed I said I'd do
my best and I did you're continuing to
annoy
me we're going right here up the
stream how you doing boy hey how about
this then I guarantee you be pay cuz I'm
going to get that money out of you I got
to squeeze you like a lemon it's coming
out yeah of course we're on to it now
okay we're on to it now the cash is in
that cougar Mister sure as pumpkins
ain't cauliflowers the cash is in that
cougar it better be I'll turn you into a
goddamn
cauliflower up here we ain't too far now
what I know about cats this one's rare
as hen teeth I mean you ever seen an
alabaster wild cat big thing about
cougars is they see you not the other
way around that may be but you'd see
this one I've been hunting with my pie
shot all kinds of cats never one like
this in another life I'd have sought my
fortune Outdoors not in the hot stinking
belly of a tar pit I ain't interested in
your regrets or your life story Mr
Holmes just your damn
money
Dy there my
boy this is it her Den we should leave
the
horses all right show me you'll see her
soon quiet now won't be able to miss her
shining in the dark
[Music]
mine's dead
though you hear that there's a cgar in
here and I bet she's white as virgin
cotton
[Music]
the tunnel diverges up here I'll take
the left you go does any anyone know how
I refuel this and we'll see if we don't
converge down a
ways oh it's
refu yeah yeah
[Music]
I love that stock sound
effect
h w
[Music]
h don't mess around with me boy
there's a corse down here old
[Applause]
one she got him crap damn dead
[Music]
dead pendulous idiot
oh fast
[Music]
[Applause]
oh
[__]
got Hell
Cat
[Music]
nice it's w better be rare
why did like
why did this
happen get out of here horse your man
ain't coming
oh come on now
boy yep
in
can you take both horses probably but I
I
don't puppy is the only horse that I
care
about I like like the way Arthur talks
to other like human beings I'll [__]
kill you dude Arthur talking to his
horse I love you you're the greatest
thing in the universe
and he's
right we F1 15 or something
[Music]
okay there
boy
morning morning
okay there
boy hi there hey
friend that's my
boy oh
well yeah what are you
doing out of my my horse
[__] up
can I help
you your head out there hunting
again hey mister how do you do thank
you thank
you
hello how are you doing still
smiling hello mister how do you do
hey there you Hector that's me Alden
tells me you're uh discouraged
man ah you must be a friend of that
Josiah
trani all right in that case I've got
something here you might want to take a
look at mm
here there's a
St heading up from
Blackwater now I hear it'll be heavily
guarded so you might want to try more
covert approach or lay down some
explosives I don't know
you're the expert thank you Hector
appreciate it you enjoy the rest of your
day all right suit
yourself the sh looking for a new
Riv what do I do here
it's really close to blackwat
too I feel like shooting
so it's so close to Blackwater me as
well hey boy
many are called but few are
chosen another time I
guess I think
[Music]
yeah you're a good boy you're okay boy
there boy that looks like a pretty nice
horse you got there I paid top dollar
for this beauty fast as a
bullet want to see how yours Compares
how about for shame for
shame a reckon I'll
pass I knew it a coward can't bear to
face the better
racer sure whatever
easy boy good boy
[Music]
what did not mean to get off
easy now
[Music]
oh that's a lot
hey back off a
bit hey
there
hey I'm doing the world of favor here
[Music]
well that was fun
take it easy
[Music]
there well that went pretty well I would
say
[Music]
I love the sniper
rifle okay
fell easy
boy there boy
who is
that
[Music]
skunk come
on sure
it's all
right there's a
girl it's okay
girl there you go girl
good a Diet Coke some whiskey and some
beef
[Music]
we got crackers in here time to go
boy I don't know how to free the horses
from the carriage is there a way
to who saw it
well I don't think I have an option
Now where's the
witness you okay boy
[Music]
okay there
boy whoa easy
[Music]
you okay
boy I don't even know where we're going
right now I'm just walking
around kind of wanted to go see what was
up with the mayor like that guy said
yeah how you doing boy
hey partner
outy hey
partner damn
fool calm
down
yeah or F150 okay yeah you all right
there boy
you all right
there who put a rock in the middle of
the road hey you there hi would you mind
watching my stuff while I head to find
another
wagon uh sure you're kind man I'll be
back b as a
fiddle boss ain't going to be happy
about this
yeah I thought this was
moonshine yeah this person invented
drunk driving
you all right
boy man the rain sucks it makes me
shivers just thinking of being wet sorry
I thought you were talking about Shivers
from Disco elesium
how long is this going to take
no don't do that
Arthur not at your horse
hey Parker hey
mister the rain makes me Inland
Empire I don't think he's coming back
don't don't Gaslight
me I conquered it
have you no respect for the dead not
even a little
bit for
are they really not coming
back there boy
[Music]
sorry bro is mad at that I'm sorry I
didn't mean it wait
okay
boy good
boy fell asleep in the tree like he hung
himself
wait blue
flannel fantano I've never seen this one
for you does that mean it's a four out
of 10
good boy
[Music]
mayor's looking to keep building up
through winter don't think the snow will
hurt the wood any nor his prospects damn
fools got yep what can you do
evening good evening
partner welcome one welcome
all hey
there good day kind sir hello enjoy our
Fair town in peace and be nice be nice
Welcome to our Fair City citizens enjoy
yourselves visitors amuse
yourselves are you got any rooms room's
ready whenever you
need can I get a hot bath please all
right head on over when you're
ready Legs scrubbing game play like
scrubbing gam play like scrubbing gam
play how about letting me take over here
no I think I'm okay okay
thanks sure sure I'll leave you in
peace why do you sound like that one
from Final Fantasy
7 oh cigarette cards I love cigarettes
and I love cards I love cigarettes and I
love cards
thank you I didn't even notice
that your left scrub just went
viral would you guys collect Violet Pony
like booster packs
wait this one's not mine it has no
mirror I need to see Creek
flow I had a thought of doing like viop
Pony training cards where a bunch of
things are like are like uh songs
let's
see honestly the default outfit really
just feels like the the best one for him
how do I bedtime
you ugly bastard is that the only thing
he knows how to
say Arthur Morgan comes with one voice
line insomnia moment for real yeah how
do I
sleep all right Arthur get to
work all right man
CH you only had where
sleep I bought the room though
yeah if only I picked a deluxe
bath I bought the room not the
sleep you look fine up feeling fresh I
hope
no I was about I was Wonder like how do
I ask him how to sleep
thanks
thanks that's my
dog Mis mister
hello hi there
Kitty hey
Cat huh
right it's
purring I should smoke the fattest blunt
in front of this cat to see what
happens where are my cigars
no
okay let's try and sleep version
two welcome
back welcome back back
all right are you ready to take me
now wait yes
we dead at
[Music]
dude where are the cooking
champion carers scrub up mister I just
did that what is it with you in
bath thank you for your
help hey
Kitty hey there
Kitty what in the hell is a matter
matter with
you hi there Kitty nothing why is there
twice of
them well there's the familiar face well
then have a
look it's got everything you need
good
mhm sure
then
mhm I don't think I need these
but
uh-huh for eventually I suppose all
right
all
right fine item
got what I
need thank
you
oh do you like it in the
rain do you love the rain and mud cat
cats are known for
this howy good morning sir
[Music]
so where has that M hold up
morning stop pointing your gun at stuff
why did that happen
boys down at the salon fighting and
breaking window eser place will be the
end of us decent
folk hello morning
sir hey there come on over I got
something here that might be of
interest what you got for me this time
Hector coach heading to Apple Seed
Timber supposed to be a lot of guns
might want to catch them off guard okay
up
Mister
morning you acting like this on
purpose not
really I didn't even know I could do
that good
morning I had literally no idea you
could do that
come
here hello
boy dog G
[Applause]
morning
mister okay there
warning hey friend
stop
Arthur hey there morning D hey this is
one place s
so where's the Goddamn
may wait sorry what the [__] is this
horse's problem I just realized this
what are you
doing
morning dude dude
settle down
boy okay I was just trying to save your
[__] horse but all
right who needs a ride right here
oh they have my name
[Music]
anyway all right we know who to bring in
let's get
him dig up
Bo That's my
boy you're a good boy
[Music]
yeah hey
hey easy
boy my bounty is
$10 I'm sorry
boy good
boy slow it up not as bad as $300 like
earlier
oh that's that thing let's do that
[Music]
actually there
boy how you doing
[Music]
boy right does that take us through the
town just a little bit
um I will go do that
first that's my
boy oh
[Music]
yeah
yeah Ford
F150 built Ford
[Music]
tough okay there
boy easy wo
okay
boy yeah I want to see if I
can if there was like a thing here so I
can internalize the other
find wether
right is good
cuz I know there was that other area we
got to
and I could like draw it in the
journal is there a PL is there
like is there a way to do that
here where do you find the area to do
that in different locations
he
wild
mint okay fair enough this place look
like it would it would have something
like that but
[Music]
the
[__] wa
that's it
boy show up now
a
I just thought it would be funny
come on puppy hey
Lord hey there
Mis
yep yeah you all right there boy
[Music]
you can't turn me in this ain't job keep
your distance got a criminal
here hey help look at you too $2 bounty
hunters son of a [__]
kill okay take that
Mas the
[__] this better have been worth it
hey could you get me off this damn I'm
mad please don't leave me on
here holy
Christ come on don't do all that killing
then just leave me on
here oh girl e enough
go easy
girl hey hey what are you doing what the
hell are you doing just relax partner
I'm taking care of all your troubles in
the head oh
damn this is all
[Music]
you
who nice meeting you
damn
it you only need to mind their own
business I say this as I didn't mind my
own
business now what the [__] is all bat
man who are
you what so yeah bye
then what who let the simpleton out of
the
Asylum I'll make you pay for this
[Music]
I can't even loot
him
damn oh this is just like hit man
[Music]
help I think you should stop
now stop are you
dead hey
stop stop you fool
[Music]
all
right what the [__] was the point of all
this
well can't hurt to check what's inside
right or maybe I
can let's go boy see you
yep
H you got hit for brains you're a damn
Menace
put him
down no one touches my
[Music]
horse okay
I did give Ford
[Music]
F15 where's my horse oh thank
God
$80 oh man
always in Strawberry huh
I got to keep that dead eyee score up
you
[Music]
know three smoke plumes I give this one
three smoke booms plume plume
[Music]
plume
yeah good boy
easy
[Music]
easy best talk to the foreman we could
use you right now
man came into strawberry last week you
three back to work we lost too much time
on this already Mr apple seed is very
unhappy Mr app seed Mr app seed Johnny
app seed we lost two men already there
ain't none of you getting paid for a
single minute you didn't work fine by me
I'd rather be poor than
dead I've been around
I know this game I'll tell you what any
man goes back to work right now gets
double PID we ain't budging on this so
long as that pack of wolves is out there
we ain't working okay but you good for
nothing cowards call yourselves Lumber
man you afraid of us few damn Critters
it's a forest what the hell you
expect hello
mister oh yeah
yes maybe you're the man I need can you
believe these lazy Lily livers refusing
to work on account of a few Little
Wolves they've been attacking workers on
the south side of the camp we need a
real man to get rid of him what do you
say you'll be very well
rewarded all right if you're paying I
should be able to take care of that for
you
he didn't say
anything R clean I don't want to think
about you know what let's have a to to
Joe yeah to Joe a more miserable B never
was let me get
through I don't know if that's screw you
forgot yourself you cheing that wild
engine
[__] easy how you doing boy
yeah hey she see
there woo
[Music]
that's an easy
a give me my
hat no you just killed my mom and my dad
sorry for your
loss
Etc and my weird uncle
one
call do
yet here is well huh boy time to go boy
what did he
say yeah relax strong one boy you're
normal
[Music]
there you
are I assumed from all the gunshots and
Howling you got some good news for me
yep it's done that's a relief I'll tell
you excellent work money's right there
on the
table don't mention it me and wolves go
way back
I'm leaving don't work too hard there
ain't much danger of that with this
Bunch my
friend chest full of pick up
bird all right you lazy bastards get
back to work now the wolves are gone so
no more excuses
keep your distance I don't mix with
strangers out here
howdy there was another bird on the
ground too
oh hey hey hey you're
normal more gray plumes easy boy I good
this one five five gray plumes plume
plume plume PL
PL this here Camp ain't got no room to
spare go with you get the hell out of my
sight oh don't mind
me there we
go okay
whoa no need to point that gun in my
direction you godamn maggot do you feel
like dying today calm down
we what happened not so tough after all
the bow
meta it's all a part of the bow
meta enough with you
yo yo yo yo yo yo easy you're okay
the bow
meta that's
just is there nothing else
here does this guy just like suck at
everything okay
come on
pal that's such a crazy detail
actually the crows are like eating him
pick up bird
stop
yeah
for 150 don't ride don't ride don't ride
okay there
boy I will not run myself off a cliff
just to for F-150 I care about my horse
I can beat the
Train That's my
boy I see you friend I help you out
presently good on you get a fresh start
thanks
Mis the train is on its way it just
passed
[Music]
yeah well it's been a little while eh so
Buy in or
selling okay let's take a look at it
pleasure doing business with you been a
pleasure doing business with
you oh wait I forgot the carriage is no
longer available cuz of
reasons thank you for your help coach
tlor
M you okay Bo
easy
now where are we going
gu I'll do that
welcome back we go to we just go to Road
station I
think traveling mercies to you
[Music]
the ECR
I get scammed earlier what do you
mean all right is someone going to yell
yell at me when I get off like like hey
get out of
here oh
Wow Come On Now
boy it'll take more than that boy
yeah horse
teleportation
[Music]
yep hey what the [__] is
that that the KKK
[Music]
[Applause]
settle down settle
down guys target practice is in session
friend settle down because we are here
today for a very special occasion it is
imperative that we reestablish sity yeah
yeah yeah and Supremacy before it is too
late our numbers are waning thanks to
the fools in Congress and their
ludicrous
ideas but today we grow one
strong as we anoint a new
brother into can we switch this into oh
I don't have my thing do
I but I
should sacred C please step forward and
near
that's nice do you choose to accept the
light yes
sir yeah oh here we go very much all
right come on let we the eternal life
[Applause]
you made your last
mistake not
really God damn hooded rodents I'll kill
all you bastards let's go
it's the Eternal
hunt wait do we get
a oh my God they're cooked literally get
it
and nice
female member still airm no only okay
okay only a men can be racist understood
who put this out though they're starting
a forest fire
so do we get do we get to kill more of
them
okay
fell I was excited I was like I was
wondering when we get to shoot up the
KKK there
boy I saw the like the group of men in
the circle it's like is it time is it
time is it time
yeah they were really close to Camp too
[Music]
yeah easy
wo you all right boy always
shoot innocent people Rob kill run all
in the name of fun Dutch is
fun Dutch is going to save us
all Dutch is going to save
us well he saved me twice or more
already sto the farmers from lynching me
up in
Illinois just now he had me saved from
wolves well he saved us all from the p
inton or whoever it is on our tail and
still I doubt
it blessed are they who have faith yet
have still not seen whatever that line
he spouts
is what do I
know I don't know a
thing I mean that man I killed for the
man I ran for the man I believed in is
that still the same man I see
now guess about all I got left now is
doubts DS and
scars
okay I
have I have a a geara plusy so
so what do you think of this place
better in your little hermit Camp right
oh it's wonderful Arthur thank you for
asking yep that's not what he
said Hey Arthur Morgan
3 hours of sleep that sounds like
me
hey wle you guys won't let this go it
was one word
one word for one
moment all right morning
Arthur how are you doing Molly fine fed
up a moving all the time y just the way
it is
here
boy here
boy whose dog is this who dog well well
where did he come from I don't
know he just wandered in
hi my
friend Hi Well then he's ours I guess
for
[Music]
now that's so
great hey boy hey boy it's so funny you
can just tell it's an adult's voice but
it's fine tell well he's a
Wanderer he probably did something
bad Kane
his name is Kane okay hey
Kane
well what did Kane do a real bad thing
so he never stopped
wandering Arthur a dog a
dog holy [__] ja the strongest character
in the
world she was
stunned she was stunned by Jack's
might and Jack's vtuber
voice she's like have you tried speaking
like an
adult nope
it just like spawned in and everything
started shaking
can we have some fun
no no money for
fun let's put in money
it is a neat way to do an item
shop sure why not I don't feel like
making it go down anyway we've been
coming
I was about to say wow I thought that
said cocaine for a second and then it
did say cocaine for a
second do I have the thing on hold on do
I still have it oh no it's on
my it's it's uh I had to do it this way
wait that's the wrong one
well what the [__] is going
on help
help there
something like
that why is the thing
where's
wait okay that was more com than any
of good Pearson gets his [__]
thing we don't have enough money for fun
I'm
gonna Swit
to some apple
yeah it's
fine cuz have
the the
Apple it's different I
swear nice
okay I was going to talk to Lenny I
think chop firewood
cancel chore
good job AR
there I like how it doesn't do it
perfectly each time it's so interesting
you okay Arthur you want to
talk yes what's been going on with
you I don't know I
what been acting kind of crazy mhm how
so
I've been killing a lot I mean innocent
folk I don't know why yeah that's bad
Arthur that's real
bad I know I
just
well you know me sure I know you but
then you go act all crazy you but I
always been crazy no you haven't maybe M
could put a spell on me and maybe you're
just being a fool there's always that
well good
talk stop killing in
some Offa yes kid you got a lot
on ah just hunting for all this
hill the Dutch and josea seem to think
is out there just waiting to be stolen
why I got something could be good yeah
yeah I was in roads talking to some of
the colored folk they said there's a
gang of fools holed up in the swamps
east of here who think they War ain't
never ended the Civil War yeah
apparently it's still raging in these
fools Minds 30 years later okay that
ain't my point these ignorant fools are
weapon dealers and in their dealing
sometimes sit on a decent pile of cash
they been selling weapons to Cuba and
South America for Years anyway the old
boy I was talking to reckoned there
might be a bunch of cash just sitting
around and failing that maybe a nice
stash of weapon with just a bunch of
crazies ging it exactly
well worth taking a look at least isn't
it that was my thinking said it was at
some place called Shady bear deep in the
woods okay
I was hoping you'd be in if it's how
they told it it's going to be something
all right we'll
see letting and Arthur feel like they
have like some of the best dynamic in
the
group Arthur has like sun figure to walk
around with come on it's this way on me
yeah Sun figure to get wildly drunk with
somehow you know I might have met these
crazies before you've been drinking
again no well yes but no that's not how
I might have met them I think some of
them hared me and sad when we were
coming back with supplies Mrs Adler yeah
and Mrs Adler did just fine more than
fine actually she's
terrifying but I got a notion these
Fells is one and the same yeah we won't
find no shortage of angry Peckerwood
idiots in the state of Leon that's for
sure is it really that different in this
state we haven't come
far it seems like it is these boys got a
manner about about him but I haven't
necessarily noticed all respect Mr
Morgan you wouldn't notice might call
you a [__] lover they see us riding
like this but most of it is a a glance
or a word and after that a visit in the
Night Out West is out west is out west
and you're all who you are right decent
folks but some places down here here
they judge different well H know guess
it can't be so easy for you
Lenny sorry you're caught up in this
well I guess their gold still shining
and their guns still
shoo so I'm game for robbing any and
every one of these bastards for all they
got okay then plus it beats being
lynched back in Blackwater with all of
you by my side
I guess it
does yeah it's like the one character
Arthur doesn't like have this Grudge
[Music]
with morning partner
[Applause]
[Music]
feels like we're close it's a rundown
old plantation house down in the bou
somewhere let's take it slow be cautious
if like you say these crazies are
sitting on weapons we're going to want
to strategize a little before getting
shot
at of course is it
lagging it says it's fine on my end it
might be getting ready to crash
though let me see if I can restart the
stream cuz I know OBS is going to want
to do that
anyway standby I don't know if it's
going to continue on listen stream
or or if it'll be a new one just give me
a
second
okay I think we're
good let me just get this pre window
back up
okay hopefully it's better now are we
all good we all
here
okay they said find the old Battlefield
and keep on going yeah I've been here
before I can see the wo Civil War
Weaponry where are the wck old Civil War
holdouts you see that church up ahead
they're supposed to use it as an outpost
heard they got men going between here
and the big house all day
[Music]
okay look at this field
imagine getting caught up in a fight
like
this yeah I don't care
to hold those rains in let's just take a
look around the place I hear
you uh it doesn't look like anyone's
here we don't know that for
sure let's have us a
nosy you see saying something offer hear
that someone's on the
track look there a wagon let's see where
he's going you're on me now right behind
you let's keep our distance just two
Fells out on the
road those crates in the back they look
like explosives to you could be worth
the follow at
least he going to ask questions if we
get any
closer
[Music]
oh okay
come on we can get a view on them from
that wall up there make sure you bring
your
Sharpshooter I'll take wait what other
side you get in cover there
will you see
anything
yes
yes they're here all right and they're
armed almost a
militia you ain't seen anything worth
shooting the
stealer can you look again for me you
got man covering the house
hey hey to the left of you hey we came
all this way so can you look again and
see if you spot
[Music]
anything I know Dynamite crates when I
see them we got something right oh we
got something we can hit him head on
fight him
honest or you could go down there acting
friendly friendly with these folks just
draw them into one spot then I'll start
shooting well that might be the dumbest
idea I've ever heard but hey I'm always
up for a
performance just give the
[Music]
word I don't want him to get hurt and I
like explosions
we can just buy dynamite if where we
want it
right we're going to hit him head on you
sa your play acting for josea and the
girls fine by
me waiting on
you here for your guns and your money
you listen
up right here you dumb son of a
[__]
woo down
got
you
there you all that are
oh I'm the
up there on the brand he's going for the
gaset look
[Music]
out but glad I cut you
in here I go
protect the stock
power you got
this almost like
day it's
the can fight old man
well we the
fight still alive kid just
[Music]
barely quick any men in the area would
have heard that they might be on the way
now let's grab something and get out
sounds like a
plan these fell steing arms there might
be guns in these
wagons hey we don't want to get caught
in there if they come
back this stuff's too old to bother
with I think the water's got to this
stuff this one looks good search
it I think we should search the crates
offer here come
on this is full of new rifles we can
sell those right we sure can we'll check
the rest later now come on let's
go let's go let's go get this back to
Camp
yep idiot riding around with dynamite
sounds like a great idea
go go let's
H come on G up fall
in right coming our way keep it together
here hey stop what's a black fell doing
coming out a shady Bell in one of our
wagons EAS we was uh doing some business
with your brothers back there you don't
look like any kind of folk we deal
with our business was conducted to the
satisfaction of all parties until now
that is nope no something don't feel
right about this not him and not you
neither Yankee get these ly
bastards let's
go
[__] in the way leard Leonard I'm
looking all right I can't see anyone
chasing us I should think we're out Out
of the Woods then so to
speak boy oh
boy you did good we did it well let's
get to Camp before saying anything like
that I know Sean's been bringing in
quite a lot lately and I wanted
to it's good to have something to show
like this Sean's a loud mouth bragging
don't worry about What sea does hey I
like them you know well so do I gu no
better judgment just you wor about you
he wasn't on Leviticus Cornwall train
with me we had to dig him out of blackw
but nothing but nothing me and Dutch and
everyone who counts we know what you do
for this game you
notice keep it up you're going to start
seeing things change for you
okay then okay thank you arur
yeah don't get
[Music]
hey the camps in these trees up here
let's get there yeah I I know where it
is been here a few
[Music]
times arur Lenny coming back
these are fine rifles right I'm going to
keep one just for me hey I always enjoy
riding with you kid you know how to
fight hey you too anytime
off that looks fire that wood is really
rich looking
it's very deep
color yeah fat bolt action
hello Mrs Ed you joining us then oh hey
Arthur I left something for you by your
tent just to say thanks for the
harmonica okay thank
you
hey everyone's favorite
uncle
Hey Arthur oh
mother you
smell it's colog how it's liquor it's
cologne from Cologne
Germany oh I just had a few nips areth
there I'm not drunk I'm just
happy you know you ought to try sometime
drinking happiness try happiness just
just a
little sure man whatever you
say dance with me Arthur just for a
minute all right Karen
[Applause]
not
wle this is
nice just like being a normal girl oh
being normal's good is
[Music]
it no what aspects of it is that's the
problem they are not great at
[Applause]
[Music]
dancing what are they doing
God I looked away what happened you
could DVR the stream but don't worry I
got it for you
[Music]
here it
comes I was like holy [__] what are they
doing this is so
silly oh that was great oh that was
great where did she go oh like
[Music]
actually relax Arthur you have to let go
the accident was dirty years
ago so
Arthur is it true of it the bad luck
what bad
luck I just broke my pocket mirror and I
remember me old Mass saying that a
broken mirror means seven years bad luck
seven years we won't see seven years out
don't be
ridiculous but if I find a mirror on my
Adventures I'll bring it back for you
thank you
Arthur got it
thank you Mr
van still got
it got dark real
quick I want candy
wow to you
too hey you see M could put any money in
the Box no I don't think so okay
thanks everyone's where and we the world
with that o
we live like princess with our moms
wearing new dresses and our dads out to
see for years at a
time how's it going
evening
nobody's
run and and freed
the spoon didn't work very well but it's
not what I imagined without the hunt
it's not really anything I don't want to
Simply carry things across the sea I
want to pull things from
him so I too go west and soon I fall
into some terrible trouble with some
really bad men I meet they force me to
marry a woman so they can steal all my
money but then Dutch find
very much at my Wood's
end
and you boys know the rest of that
story
now I'm a ship's cook for a camp with no
ship with no
ship but I miss the sea
I
do it calms you
somehow Arthur you
okay Charles's voice is really familiar
to me and I don't know know
hold
on we do the uh let's do this that is
the wrong
side sorry
nothing stands out insanely to me like
Starfield haven't played cyber punk I
haven't played
did something in critical
role Saints
Row ow
House Dead
Space nothing that I should be like holy
[__] death Loop death
stranding lots of Star Wars ghost of
Ghost of
sushima oh my
God
okay God damn
it I knew it was something
I knew it was something the voice of
Charles the voice actor for Charles does
the voice for yon and League of Legends
I'm so [__]
dude that's what it was my [__]
stupid ass League of Legends brain I was
like why why does it sound like Yasuo to
me but it's like it couldn't be Yasuo
well it it it it couldn't be Yasuo
because it's Yon
instead [__] Christ I knew it I
didn't want to say it out
loud now I'm curious if there's anything
else cuz I
swear I don't
know like Black Ops 3 khil or something
I don't I don't know who that I don't
remember the characters
one yeah I I I've tried to forget most
of the Black Ops 3
campaign so
sure played a character in Middle gear
survive I don't know if anyone's
actually played that
game it takes a long time to find Red
Dead Redemption 2 and I
IMDb does a voice in
seciro which is
cool does a voice in outer wild that I
haven't played yet
just a lot of Star Wars Star Wars
squadrons hunted Star Wars
squadrons uh Star Wars Old Republic Old
Republic oh that's a different
one what is this Star Wars Old Republic
Legacy of the Sith since when did this
exist sure whatever Horizon ver ridden
West I don't I haven't play
that Guild Wars
2 few voices in Guild
Wars
uh Bugs Bunny Builders
crazy played Mysterio specifically in
fortnite chapter
5 and also back to Star Wars bad badge
young Jedi
Adventures so much Star
Wars the voice of rain in Mortal Kombat
one
okay yeah y yon is the big one for me
personally cuz that hit like a truck
Lenny and I raided a big old house in
the swamps stole some guns good work
yeah it's pretty good spot well hidden
Arthur it's time for you to get eight
hours of sleep I know that's a scary
thought but it's time
[Music]
good morning
Arthur you must be nervous being this
close to the water oh don't you
start I'm just looking out for
you what's that
about s
put incredible gun safety s got to help
anyone tries to get past you good
morning what is it hunting for
you sure why not they a little Hunter
what you preparing for the greatest of
gifts an unguarded Stage Coach no you
simple mounted for bison bison bison
from much you can get anything there's
some over on the plains I believe I saw
a couple a long way
off good
luck you want to come with me I'll show
you how we hunt one sure why not
M up then let's
go is Charles meant to be Native
[Music]
American you know it was before my time
of course but my mother used to tell me
stories of how her tribe moved with the
Bison yes they lived almost as one I was
wondering that from other context was
they were the center of all life we
couldn't survive without them they
provided us with everything food
clothing shelter tools there was a lot
of respect
huh I don't remember much of my
childhood but I think my people well we
pretty much moved with the
whiskey well my father did that too
[Music]
so where are we headed back up to the
heartlands okay feels like there's been
so much noise and Chaos recently would
you mind if we just rode and enjoyed the
silence for once I need to clear my mind
sure F by
me all right something's definitely
going to happen
the topic of the whiskey had just the
normal just a normal Jack like a little
bit ago and I switched to the Tennessee
apple and suddenly like the sweetness
does like not fit
right I think I really was bored to just
like drink bitter [__]
[Music]
constantly even when it comes to soda
it's like if that's the sugar I'm having
I can't stand for it to be like sweet
like tart or like Fruity it has to just
be like
sludge I don't know what it
is I just don't typically like sugary
flavors I like bitter and salty and it's
just like me don't worry about the word
Sledge by the way
rivers run
red should I try and do the sludge
reading we did like 25 Google
translations of sludge and the outcome
is
[Music]
incredible I'll see if I can try reading
it on stream without laughing cuz it's
it's really a
lot whatever you think it could be it's
probably way worse and way
funnier it came up with sentences that
like are so completely outlandish it
makes no
sense you know
what since we're get a little a little
quiet
ride since we get a little quiet
ride um now help fill the space after I
read this hold
on would you guys prefer if I had the if
I had it off screen
I think it's probably the way cuz then
you can't then you can't read
ahead part three is still on my
mind all right let's do this off screen
okay this is sludge by Violet Pony
Google translated 25 times back to
English
with their
parts Here We
Go part one funerals last wishes and
Final Moments first edition am I the
master of my destiny or this blank
card cemeteries have always been my
subject damn
bureaucracy news and snake oil burn
fingers major Publications Central they
are inexperienced pastor
mixing particles is a
sin Second
Edition all innocent people lost their
lives safety and prevention equal
opportunities in the program check out
this
simple check out this simple
plan check out check out this Simple
Plan life is life is without pain it's
about traditional death
[Music]
rituals students whose confidence is
waning the disease was cured by
starvation therapy Outreach schedule
Outreach schedule Outreach schedule
Outreach
schedule episode
episode two water turns
blue
rain alcohol is the root cause alcohol
is the root cause alcohol is the root
cause alcohol is the root cause alcohol
cause rivers flow from Rivers alcohol is
the root
cause
part part part part
three part
three part three big balls
brother I smell
cigarettes before
you be before you blue my BL breath
respect death and preserve my
virtue light poured out of me filling
every crevice skin and fire pray for
every hour you waste the idea is a is a
thrill oh joy oh because wherever you go
I'll be there
rain flowers blooming in my veins he
smelled the rain please stop the rain I
used a prop machine enter the land bones
should be crushed when
collected I like
something like it's it's just a it's
just it's just
a it's just a sentence that says I like
something period full stop I like
something there was no one else here but
the boy in front of
me after the
performance this type of bullying is
tolerated it is designed to clear all
your doubts once you delete it Let It Go
temporarily
otherwise otherwise death is not not
legal large cut flowers the famine
fueled conspiracy theories build a solid
methodological Foundation to achieve
your goals hold your thoughts for
now episode 4 get bitten by a wolf toou
chapter
5 now it's a night worse than death love
and healing this
loss first edition
cardboard
Wings potatoes and
fiber second edition they make me angry
he was
angry Dirty Three
they
they they wrapped my body they wrapped
my lips they beat me chorus V accept and
live with the confusion hell even my
breath was
measured part six go to hell you Sinners
rain and here's the Big Scream this is
This Is Where It All Leads up to you
know the scream the centner be damned
right this is what it says in the
translation you cursed someone
sinner release Fool's
laugh part seven taking care tool
episode eight little lamb crying wolf BR
brother ah I see a bright light in the
distance Oh I Feel Love when do I leave
my body for the night a strange and
quiet voice called my name
rain this is this is arya's part right
here are you ready for
this ah the wolf
[Music]
ah the
wolf am I not giving this paint a
purpose you will be mine at the end of
the
day part nine how to beat
monsters rain when you open your head
say hello to someone
before you know someone who touches
their
heart episode 10 deadly mistakes or how
to save animals
tool episode
11 after the
demon what demon
what demon what demon after
the after the
demon after the demon reclaims the body
Ram says serve again live forever Ram as
in that's what it translated Arya from
at or from
lamb lamb lamb Arya became
Ram
tou Part 12 her old body was broken
tortured and literally
destroyed
rain those were the last words he heard
Fool's laugh Fool's laugh Fool's laugh
that's the wolf Hell by the way Fool's
laugh episode 13 the the the first time
I was seriously arrested
D mind you part 13 is and it is is is
titled and for the first time she was
held gently but this version says the
first time I was seriously arrested
oh oh the pain that caused
me what is
this oh my God we also we also
did we we also did play
dead here's play
dead rule unwrap no enter no you know
what we do unwrap no enter required
there's no point in talking about this
there's no point in talking about this I
don't want to talk about this oh I don't
want to talk about this oh I don't want
to think about it I don't want to think
about it chapter 1 I Woke Up 3 days
ago I took a little walk you know how we
do it I looked in the mirror and my
heart started racing forget it can I
hide the key unwrap maybe not later Lord
God you are
strong edit because
there's edit because there's only one
man to sleep with inside broken broken
should I sleep on days like this like
Angels how can you say it I ran I hid in
the
chaos I love death
okay okay yeah
required I forgot it did this it says no
it so you have to remember that wolf
hows is a part of the lyrics in all the
songs where the wolf how comes up and
this one translated wolf hows to the
bear roars
no
father is it better to do it alone
doesn't he love me is it better to do it
to do it alone shouldn't shouldn't I
Turn to
Stone ah you love me I love you oh half
my name is written on the address the
Sea of
fre this the Sea of Reason has sunk
beautiful white furniture in the master
bedroom my debts will not increase never
never what did I
do what what if this happens to me what
if this happens to me Mom don't you know
what I'm doing don't you know
Mom
required here's the
chorus I'll die I'll die I'll die I I'll
die I'll die I'll die I did this until I
died I did this until I died I did this
until I died I did this until I died do
this before you die do this before you
die do this before you
die Bridge folder bad dog aren't I a
friend
folder Ed it I need to move on I'm in
trouble it's too late it's better to say
nothing I need to
I need to admit my
mistakes this is
a this is a death
song like I I guess I'm sure I guess so
required
I did this until I died I did this until
I died I did this until I died I did
this until I died I did this until I
died I did this until I died I did this
until I died I did this until I died I
did this until I died I did this until I
died I did this until I died I did this
until I died die die
die oh my
God the
the yeah that was pain
that was really
nice this is a death
song I love
death oh
wow oh
wow so sad that Cyprus died of
death oh my God
okay now Charles is going to give us a
nice quiet ride back after I've done
[Music]
that
just when when Sledge hits part you have
to recall part three big balls comes up
only after you've read alcohol is the
root cause like 20 times like you would
think that's enough to do you in but
then they hit you with part three big
balls
[Music]
we have this thing in the pil now where
we just [__] start saying alcohol is
the root
cause I don't even know where it got
that from cuz that's the part that's
supposed to be rivers run red
like the root cause of what now let's
cut up this way okay Charles Charles
doesn't even know about part
three could you imagine if Charles knew
about part three
[Music]
how far are we
out oh we are we really
are wasn't the
old Lookout over
here yeah hor sure look good here crazy
[Music]
I've noticed Charles doesn't like to
stay on the paths if he can't help
it everyone rides their horse like
slightly differently in this game it's
kind of interesting yeah you're all
right there boy Charles really doesn't
like paths I mean it would makes sense
for his character how you doing he would
just know better over there you see them
all incredible aren't they we should
only kill one of them I'll keep them
ringed in and you see if you can bring
one down okay clean as you can
[Music]
okay it's not wle it's Char
yeah hey that's my boy
[Music]
Co easy
easy well
done all right skin and butcher it take
the horns too it can all be used
here how long will this take
Arthur 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14
15 16 17 seconds
Stow that on your horse and mount up I
want to go check something out 17
seconds to skin a bison this guy's
crazy okay let's
go boy where are we going I thought I
saw some scavenger Birds over here just
wanted to see what attracted him buy pal
is like we could use you could use all
the parts leaves the entire body in the
middle of the place
I know it's a game mechanic thing cuz I
couldn't carry the whole ass thing here
whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoaa you okay
boy no look bison shot and left for dead
it looks like why would someone do that
I don't know but I see tracks heading in
this direction I say we follow him all
right lead the way are we going to go
are we're going to go kill some
poachers I like where this is
going just let me walk because like
thank you he's going to make me drive
into the
Rock could it have been an animal no
they've been shot I just don't know why
anybody would just leave them here to
rot like
that yeah again here be fair if you skin
the animal in this game it's like
considered like picking it apart and
stuff cuz like they can't make it work
realistically you're a good boy so you
just kind of assume that they've taken
the whole bison instead cuz you get like
the big game meat from it as well I
think let's
see
yeah oh Prime Beef joints sorry my bad
look another dead bison to our left
there come
on shot and left for dead again but this
one looks fresher there's a camp there
I'm going to take a look
[Music]
you find anything
Arthur dogs haven't gone cold yet maybe
half a day since they left bison's been
dead about the same amount of time so
what do you want to do they could still
be in the area let's get up higher see
if we spot anything let's kill poachers
let's kill poachers let's kill
poachers let's kill poachers we should
have a good view from up
here we already know how history works
though you see
anything Arthur look smoke to the north
could be another Camp let's go check it
out oh watch
Charles I'm about to go to their camp
and say this is a death song the alcohol
is the root
[Music]
cause 5 seconds before quick drawing in
every single person the C hey y'all know
about episode 3 bastards just killing
for fun you think we can talk I don't
kill for fun I kill when I need to
you okay
[Music]
boy sorry look more dead bison it has to
be them come on wa up
[Music]
did you fools shoot those bison what's
your problem I said did you fools shoot
those bison calm down you black or red
bastard whatever the [__] you
are did you shoot them yes we did we
shot them bison we'll shoot you too if
you don't get what business is it of
yours what
we it's that business of mine good God
you're
crazy look I got a family a family don't
shoot me stand back Charles I'll get you
some
answers what the hell are you doing why
are you killing those basing and leaving
him in the
rat I don't know what you're talking
about God damn it tell us you're
dead oh okay we were paid to kill as
many as we could and make it look like
it was Indians just kill him Arthur no
please don't kill me I'm begging you
I've heard
enough hell
yeah damn right that's what he
deserved I've seen enough of this I'm
heading back okay I'm going to see if
there's anything worth taking from their
Camp I'll catch up with you
later oh my God gun they give they're
giving me a side quest to loot the camp
it's a dream come
true like I have a family oh my God like
yeah you're so special
crazy do we have the do we have the the
I don't have the
The Toy Story
thing poison throwing knife I discovered
a
recipe why would they want to frame it
as Native Americans because white men
because white men because white
men it's very it's a very simple thing
they just want to have more reason to
like do the Manifest Destiny etc etc
etc people like this are not very
complicated not only that but they get a
kick out of it in real life
anyway did I open this already yeah
the graphics make it look like that
thing cuz I could see through the
tin yeah it's probably a bigger ring of
poachers we just find them the same
way damn we're all the way back out here
though thing is like we know
how oh this [__] guy I guess we'll go
take a look
we know how this [__] ends
though like this is all stuff that
happened in real life like this is
history okay there very extensively
studied by everyone but like the average
Middle School history
class cuz white people always have
something to gain from oppressing other
non-white people
easy
there suppress the information and it
makes it easier in the modern day and
also I mean there's not a lot of bison
in America if
any
yeah could have gotten more information
I mean like can't we just come across
them naturally they don't make it very
hard to find them
[Music]
they just leave
bodies the thing about killing humans
right is like they're like cockroaches
they just crop up a [__] T once you have
an endangered species of a non-human
animal
they have a hard time fending for
themselves Texas history does suck
especially when it should be
Mexico all right what's your problem
dude so you're still alive Mr Morgan how
are you indigest able apparently aside
from that very well how's the project
going well this is God's country and I
am his faithful servant although perhaps
not his most talented one I have been
trying to capture the grace of the wild
horses here for weeks only the buggers
can't stand me
ah that is a silver dapple Pinto I know
beautiful won't come anywhere near me of
course he can smell my stupidity well
how about I drive him over oh that might
help can you be bothered I feel like
such a blunderer sure wait here at least
this time I doubt I'll get
eaten don't be so sure horses love to
eat much appreciated you
know that's my boy the thing is most of
the [__] I know about history wasn't
even from cuz I chose to do like
elective University history classes and
I still didn't really learn anything
there it's everything you you have to
like do it outside of like organized
education that's your boy
[Music]
there
boy hold
up again every
[__] white people modern colonialism
have everything to gain from suppressing
history because it makes it easier for
them to continue on with the status quo
which already seeks to disenfranchise
everyone but like the middle class and
high class like white people if there
really is a middle class anymore anyway
show up
[Music]
now you want your likeness taken go
there
Move It Go on look pretty doing
her move it up good must hang come
[Music]
on easy
come on
horses let's
go
yeah oh get up go on now
hly I mean fascism Works in different
circles they oppress everyone outside
first and then they they work their way
they work their way in the circle so all
the quote unquote good ones get get
[__]
anyway let's make now run yeah yeah yeah
go that's it I've got it I've got it yes
that's why it's so funny to see anyone
even in the average fascist demographic
cuz like they're going to get picked
clean by their own like so and so
comrades anyway it's really
[Music]
funny
yeah over
here it's it is already happening to be
honest
yeah you are a genius no but I can ride
a horse well in my world that makes you
a genius you're too
kind how are the uh photos coming along
oh amazing here I have this is such a
cute relationship too by the way of the
Wolves before they triy to eat
us it's for you that's real fine a well
thank
you you killed those take care Mr Mason
you too sir you
too guys do you think they could be like
now for non-toxic yahi like supportive
best friend
y I like I like this ship this is a good
ship oh you're not my horse but you need
to calm
down
okay don't mind me I may be at this for
some
time what anyway I think this I think
this is a
this game does a very
interesting sort of simplified
commentary on these things instead of it
being lectured to you get to like watch
it watch these things happen like
firsthand like the slavery and the the
poaching and like all the capitalism
takeover and stuff like instead of it
being lectured to you you're like
watching it happen I think it's a really
cool way of doing it in this game
cuz you sort of learn empathy in the
process of
it as seeing them as like characters
rather than just like
statistics and by that I mean like for
people who probably need to be exposed
to this a bit more anyway video games
are a great medium to be exposed to
anything that you're unfamiliar with it
might not be the definitive way you
should
be engaging with something but like just
being exposed to it is like the just
like a good starting point
uh [__] does Bill
want oh that's St yeah
um I feel like going and checking on the
Bounty thing over
here the crazy thing is that most of the
stuff is not hard to like research
because it's very
plentifully researched and like
documented the main thing is it's not
spoonfed to you like other
things yeah you're all right therey you
have to like know where to look and once
you know where to look then you're then
you're all set but you have
to actively engage and a lot of like
fascism literally does require for
literally does rely on like laziness
just like people can't be [__] or
asked to like look this [__] up anyway
so why
bother hey you know what if you're if
you're lazy like me half the day uh you
like to play video games probably and uh
well if you can teach something in the
format of what may require laziness
that's actually kind of Genius if you
think about it it is anti-fascism and
it's most clever
[Music]
yeah the
restructuring this is why you have to
lobby for your libraries maintain Free
Speech even though conservatives wanted
def find what free speech
is like liaries are super [__]
important
dude not just for you know books but
like a lot of people who don't have
computers or access to the internet they
can get there through the
library you can also get [__] video
games and movies through the libraries
these days
like [__] Blockbuster cuz the library is
free
[Music]
yeah what's funny also is libraries
don't like crack down super hard on like
the returns and stuff like they they
definitely try and get it done but it's
not aggressive it's non-threatening and
and the interesting thing is that it's
like socialism in practice help me
please
[Music]
yeah help a blind
man a dollar for your future sure a
dollar for your
fate have
this your father is seduced by the one
with a fork tongue it's no use hoping
okay I will try to bear that in
mind thanks let's go boy oh is there a
Trapper
nearby I don't know if I to sell the
Bison pel what is this okay we go check
this out
uh but yeah I'm sure you've got better
things to do than goodbye uh yeah people
return library materials more often than
not because as it turns out you don't
actually need to threaten people for for
like the community to come together and
do stuff it can literally just be
because it's good for
[Music]
everyone another thing about libraries
that people may not realize that's a
great feature is you will save so much
space in your
home by not constantly hoarding
stuff these days ain't
short there boy this is always
those why fascists always Target
libraries
though I'm sorry
[Music]
boy the name's
William Arthur you familiar with the
study of plants my friend familiar ain't
quite the word I'd use well let me tell
you this great Earth beneath our feet
can provide everything man ever needs
but we've only reached a tiny bit of his
potential you see there are thousands
maybe millions of
plants all across this vast country we
share the mountains the plains the
swamps I mean to explore them all to
know all of Nature's Bounty and all of
her wonder if I can sure but I'm only
one man would you consider helping me
with Gathering herbs from my my studies
why knowledge kindness Beauty well I'm
ignorant ugly and nasty well let's see
if maybe we can do something about that
I'll
see I'm looking for a plant called Yaro
you can distinguish it by his red
flowers it shouldn't be too hard to find
they Thrive out in the open under direct
sunlight let's see how this
tastes oh
yeah I feel better
already they were right this stuff does
have medicinal properties that is a very
fast acting it would seem
you've been helpful thank you you're a
Horseman I know you'll want to have this
on hand this can cure almost all
maladies to your animal natural and
otherwise don't ask how now if you don't
mind I'll be getting back to my studies
I look forward to our next meeting
traveler
nice did that guy just VAP it and take a
hit instant
do you blame him come on
pal he like built a like a house out
here just to hit
it it's kind of a
pro yeah you're a strong one
boy oh that's that
factory yeah the oil
fields let's get over
here
yeah I the craziest thing that like
a lot of Hardcore people don't realize
is like you don't have to be friends
with
[Music]
everybody you're not going to be friends
with
everybody just cuz you're not just cuz
you're not friends with everybody
doesn't mean you got to take the rights
of everyone who's you're not friends
with
away you don't have to love
it you just have to like mind your
[__] business
hello why the letter box all of a sudden
you see
that maybe I'm wrong and might be huc
sting that's
fine yeah
[Music]
easy
boy easy
who oh that is simply
plants okay there boy yeah
[Music]
there
boy easy
now I still keep thinking about that guy
that like got kicked to death by that
horse on the road early
game you're a good
boy well hello
there
hello ain't you caused enough trouble
huh
beating up half the saloon like that
come on there's got to be a fight every
night in that [__] hole just show some
respect next time we run far worse than
you out of town
before oh come on man someone throws a
punch you punch back don't bother
pretending
different as far as I care you ain't
even
here time to go boy
will we ever get into that church
here or is there nothing there
truly dude get out of the
road
Mis I wish I could honk at people come
on hey now
howdy this in this town specifically
everyone walks in the road constant
something I'm actually
anti-ar anti-ar Pro bus Pro train look
here you want to catch another Cinder
Bounty Hunter take a Ganer at the poster
there Barner
hey what do you want
here well looks like trouble all
right that one
they say she's sleeping rough near
Crumblin Falls and what's
more they say she ain't sleeping alone
oh I got
it be relentless in your
Pursuit someone remind you of patri I
Advance okay
fell dog do you want a horse I mean dog
do you want a
apple father murder I mean what if the
GU sucked
[Music]
though wait I'm going de feed my horse
instead of instead I ate a chocolate bar
I just realized
that you all right for I have a corn
cob
easy why you people like actively Lobby
against buses and trains you get to like
go from one place to another without
even thinking you don't have to actually
do the
driving you can just sit there and
chill yeah what's the point
[Music]
what the [__] was that CHP craziest
[__] techno bird
song am I going the right
way
here okay
[Music]
almost most people will live on the on
the
buses genuinely so serious cuz again I
live in
Portland almost like almost nobody gives
me trouble ever it's never going to be a
person that gives you trouble it's
always going to be like a guy in a
business
suit I I
[Music]
promise the only people who ever shouted
slurs at me in the city are always like
businessmen looking ass
guys like it's going to be some
24-year-old looking ass guy named Derek
with pink mock
on evening
Mister basically the moral the story is
avoid men in suits
even women and Suits
however yeah I mean sure don't get it
twisted still
capitalists but but mildly
better mildly
tolerable even
[Music]
even That's my boy
on the to topic of like shooting up the
KKK
um I actually haven't played I don't
think I've played a Wolfenstein game
but I hear it's a good game to do
that at least uh one or two of them or
many of
them I don't know which percentage of
Wolfenstein games
are are good for that activity
I don't know for whatever reason I when
I heard the train I was like what a
train but it's nature we're in nature
right
now very nonsensical sentence I just I
don't know why I thought to say that
evil train sample
yep easy there she is wanted alive
don't want to do this right now
give me the double barreled shotgun
please thank
you [__] in slow
motion let's get the shotgun out out
actually he was a bully okay that
there's a
bounty
get kill it
on oh God damn
[Music]
it okay
I I seen a
newspaper and this time there's no
wolves in it saying you're a black widow
I'm nothing of the kind Mrs Swan you
like to come along with
Meen I'm sorry but I
I'm I'm going to make you go with tell
what kind of man are you un backstabbing
little she's not even knocked out you
are a piece of work now come in r in
hell don't you manhandle me
hold on where's my
horse can I pick up that
knife okay some other
time that better not be more wolves
wolves are like the strongest enemy in
this game like the people don't put up a
fight at
all now the fun starts no no
no no no no
[Music]
if this isn't here when I get
back I'm going to be very mad
s in you got a ride ahead of
you oh dear look him over me St did I
just do those things it's a it's a
horrible blur but I see blood there's
blood everywhere it won't come out I'm
not like that I'm a good girl really
I'll promise I am you believe me don't
you don't you
[Music]
mister I need help okay I I have an
illness a fever of the brain I I've done
bad things but a jail a jail ain't Where
I Belong a sanatorium maybe give me help
Mister please save me save me from the
sheriff and moreover from myself
you're such a strong man so tough and
Burly maybe if I had a strong man like
you I wouldn't be in this mess my men
folk they all been
weak that's what my problem's been how I
gotten this unfortunate situation but a
big strong man like you you'd set me
straight wouldn't you mister put me on
the straight and
narrow I have no idea what any of this
[Music]
means I hate you you sad sack of [__] I
wish I'd cut your belly open and shown
you your guts gutless Barony hunt nobody
I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate
you I wish you
die wish I could respawn that would be
funny five stages of grief we speed ran
it guys
[Music]
how you doing boy
guys this looks like the cover of
fearmonger Arthur shot dead in the Bronx
you heard him he doesn't like New York
oh darn
oh we're coming up on the jail house
anything else you want to try on me just
get me there you're no fun at all I'm
afraid I
ain't here we go
you order a lady killer here
Sheriff yeah we did put her in the cell
won't you I protest my innocence I
protest my innocence she might be a
little shaking up she lost another F out
by the falls poor dear man just got a
habit of dying around you don't they Mrs
SW I hope you'll be comfortable Miss
she's a little based for that now come
get your money off the desk
here the Black Widow herself this town
so starve to women I'm sure she could
find herself a husband yet now that's
Cowboys for you
indeed so it seems this town's got more
pressing problems than outlaws going to
take some time off posting bounties
impose Law and Order on the streets that
man has a Heart of Stone it's silly to
keeping me locked up in here I mean what
am I going to do just little old
me let me out to exercise a little I'm
immune to your charms Mrs Swan it's so
boring in here can't we have some fun
Sheriff just the two two of us and to
think you was sniffing around this
office at one point I'm lucky you was
Charmed by
another you see Sheriff I know your
secrets and I could spread them all
over like Miss Mora don't you dare
mention Mora again now
hush a show me some sympathy Sheriff I'm
a widow a poor little Widow you forget
they can say what they like about you
but at least you respected the sanctity
of marriage till death do his
part
okay boy
it'll take more than that
boy it'll take more than that
boy okay
wait wait could it could it
be Ride Like the Wind Bulls ey I mean
puppy
[Music]
there
boy yeah you all right there boy
yeah could it be abdominal structure for
you and
me of course
crash crash crash crash crash just
kidding you okay
boy hey hey this way you got to help me
out here Mister can you
please I've been on the run for days now
if you could help me with these shackles
I I just my i' have a
chance so how' you end up like this just
shoot the damn chains already come
on just shoot the chains off please I'm
done for
otherwise enough oh oh oh yes yes
perfect ah thank you mhm I I got no
money to give you but I think I might
got something even better
well some drunk's been hoarding his
money in this little place south of
roads down by the river lot of money and
very drunk at least that's what they say
oh yeah why' I be interested in that
huh I just a hunch it's up to you
friend
nice
yeah good boy
my Pelt better be
there
please my [__]
Pelt it's going to be so
groy by the time I get to it
okay there
boy I don't like hearing the horse
struggle when I go
fast that [__] Pelt that I
love that [__] bird that I hate
That's my boy
you're okay boy
[Music]
there boy I missed my
turn yeah you all right there
boy easy
[Music]
it's up
there yeah
[Music]
that's it
boy you're a good boy it's
here
okay let's let's get this back somewhere
boy hold on really quickly I'm just
going
to just a little
cold body might still be
there the knife everyone's like guys
there's so much stuff to steal
here okay
[Music]
I love the game's
physics I say this like that's just not
I say that like it's not how real life
Works where was
that was it over here
oh I see
it I remember
now no maybe that was
it I don't
know well I got the p
[Music]
okay where do we want to go now we
wanted to bring this back to Camp I
think so maybe just riding it over
here it's probably the way
yeah this is the way
[Music]
fine morning
partner yep yep also I feel like robbing
a house where where did that guy say it
was south of something
south of
something yeah don't
wor oh we got our
Pelt it's probably not even going to be
worth much cuz it's poor condition
allegedly hey there mister
morning easy there
yeah I really not feeling the the
Tennessee
Apple it's so
tart hey there wish whiskey grew on
trees
okay like Hi how are you doing oh I
don't know I wish that alcohol was in
the
air all right that's that's that's a
your
[Music]
problem okay boy
okay
[Music]
there oh hey there how's it going well
it ain't going at
all we're broke we're about ready to
call it quits to be honest with you
listen I
I I I hate to ask but uh is there any
way that you could help us get the
supplies that we need to
finish well I ain't promising nothing
but I'll see what I can do there's a
logging Camp over in Big Valley pretty
much straight west of here that might
have lumber for sale
what am I looking for for
[Music]
where did he
go we run out of money and he still
won't give up bye then I'll keep an eye
out for that Lumber I appreciate it
said directly west of your Valley or
something let's go
boy Valley View Creek river what is it
like is this
area
area back south of Road
what a valley south of
Rose he said W over in Big
Valley for a second I thought that was a
joke and then I had to remember that Big
Valley is something that it's called
we're looking for the lumber thing west
of here Big
Valley it really is okay yeah does Big
Valley okay
something else was South roads not the
lumber yeah I just forgot there was a
place called Big
Valley
yeah okay there
[Music]
more easy boy
[Applause]
[Music]
how you doing
boy world's best horse
[Music]
[Applause]
is it still lagging
[Music]
[Applause]
all right come on boys there we go get
your backs into it use your legs that's
what you have them for for Pete sake
don't put your hands high and
push come on come on show me something
you
better not drop it you better
not come on you PA of cream pies do you
want this rally to happen or
not why does this always happened to me
have some respect just leave me be
just making
sure just double check him
[Music]
wait do we have
like you can shoot off the feet wait a
minute oh come
on now why is
hand okay then what if we
like oh I'm getting it now oh I know how
it
works wait
do
I so
no
everything so funny they're so stupid
they get crushed by their own thing
I I am indeed the corpse
Shooter wait is that stuff
okay
thanks what
yeah there
boy
hello
G get out
there
right you're the whiffy
[Music]
whoa now I am a prisoner in The Still
Water jail I
sure damn I missed my old
course excuse me partner
hello you
[Applause]
[Music]
Mor yeah you all right there boy
relx you okay Boy SP F150 time that's
it's a
[Music]
vulture
wo oh that's the over here hey hey stop
look at this
there's been an accident come here a
minute see that Fell's dead down there
must have gone off the cliff yep think
he's from that uh cabin up the way there
poor
bastard well uh guess I'll tell the
sheriff when I get to
town yeah
sure you didn't kill
him like I said I should go let them
know in town oh
sorry I'm sorry wait a
second okay settle down there
wa
s for it
That's my boy
they're
[Music]
rocks where was the
body oh
go boy
what tre's going
down timber
there boy
[Music]
I thought I'd see you again pretty
impressive out there huh back for some
Lumber I assume I got a wagon out front
already loaded up and ready to go for
you let's call it uh $75 you won't beat
that price
anywhere all right I'll take
it very good the wagons out front see
you next time play more trees where
those came
from so where are we taking this again I
don't remember
was it this I think it was
this yeah
yep evil training sample
he
okay that was a crazy turn
h h
the
hi there mister
hello
Yello that's more
lumber hey
[Applause]
hey maybe he'll see reason now
look at all that wood I don't believe it
I can't thank you enough friend you're
paying me back though oh of course of
course just as soon as we sell the house
you'll get your money back and then
some seriously who gives away that
much not again
all right we're walking back
now techno bird
sh
[Music]
oh
hey
[Music]
Kitty hi there
Kitty hey
Cat hey there Kitty
car hey move it oh
pardon hey
boy hey there
move it I need to see the
dog you're welcome how do you do
have yourself a nice trip
[Applause]
[Music]
no might be time to stop tram I
think let me see if I just can't get rid
of this
pil it's causing so many
troubles all right is someone going to
yell at me the moment I step off of the
train let's find out
[Music]
nope not
there come
on my horse my horse my king horse or
something like
that no stable here either huh
man the hell talking
about how am I getting out there now
damn
I need to
like go somewhere
else I should have like
I should have like
uh stowed my horse is that a
horse I'm going to do this whole side
business ah welcome back sir
here you
go arther frolicking gameplay so true
[Music]
I'm the sleepiest [__] in the
town hurry it
[Music]
up now is someone going to yell at me
when I step off the train
I heard that
before for Christ's sake
yeah 6 hour
stream it's good
though it's been a nice time it's always
a nice
time a bey did arfit you an
omen I miss over
here I can use a fell like you you want
to make some easy money come with me I
can't talk
here
what go
get my bastard of a friend double
crossed me again and I ain't going to
stand for it this time so listen he's
staying at the nearby Hotel you rob him
we split the money what do you
say find someone else I ain't
interested fine suit yourself you're
lost
pal I want my [__] horse back
man the bird stop it stop it
come on now get
up hi there welcome
that's a nice addition on a
saddle I got one of them
myself
myself always good to have one of those
nice you only live once L you're a
cat
sure I got one of them myself oh do
you appreciate it
good bring that horse back if you need
anything
okay my boy hanging up my a folk you
hungry act f
let's
just get
this
s
here
nice
okay that's been
gaming all right
thanks for everyone coming to the stream
wait
[Music]
[Applause]
anyway it's all about the
game thanks for coming to our game
goodbye
everyone
nobody no bye sure